This week excitement reaches a bursting point as a leaked copy of No Man's Sky results in a number of gameplay videos becoming available to the thirsty masses. But that's just the surface of 18 quintillion planets. Join us for plenty more news right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live for this July the 31st of 2016, episode number 652 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me as Skie on Twitter, S-K-I-E. And joining me here in Studio N7 here in lovely Sacramento, California. Lovely and hot are my co-hosts. Say hello, welcome back this week, DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
A combination of very full and sore.
Very full and sore. Did you do yoga today?
No I didn't do yoga. I slept through yoga and I woke up sore and I decided that I just needed to eat. I was not going to get Chinese food until you told me you had Chinese food. And I was like, oh my god that sounds so good.
Let's hold on a minute. There's actually a difference. We had Panda Express today which isn't, I mean it's not really Chinese food.
It's Chinese.
It's America's perception. It's everything America likes about Chinese food and then kind of amplified. I mean, heaven forbid DarkSakura. It's like saying Taco Bell is Mexican food. Let's be real. Taco Bell is not Mexican food. It's something that kind of resembles Mexican food.
And that's what Panda is. It's good. But like orange chicken.
If you want to see something hilarious, watch the BuzzFeed about Chinese people eat Panda Express.
Oh I bet. I bet.
And the kids are like, this doesn't taste authentic. And the old parents are like, this is pretty good. I like this. I'm going to eat this again.
No I had some. My favorite dish there is like a steak dish. It's like Angus. There's no way this is Chinese but it's really good. It's what I want. So whatever. I wanted it.
And then I brought Cinnabon Delights.
I'm going to gain 500 pounds before it's time to go to Dragon Con which is one month away until I leave.
I can't. Well I have to go on an elimination diet for 30 days to see what is actually making me sick. So I figured I just make myself really sick anyway.
And then remember why I'm not eating any of that so that I don't get sick.
So this is your last kind of binge before that. So make the most of it.
Also joining us to see is every week. Say hello to tech master Loki.
Hello. Hi Loki. How are you? I'm doing good.
Hey I got some news for you.
So on last week's show you were or maybe it was the week before you were talking about this like show you're obsessed with on Netflix Stranger Things.
Oh yes yes. So I watched that. I sat down on Friday to watch it. I was like oh everybody freaking raves about this show and won't shut up about it.
Loki won't shut up about it. My Twitter people. So OK I'm going to sit down and watch an episode on Friday.
I had binged the entire thing by 12 hours later. I went to bed on Friday. I woke up Saturday and I finished it on Saturday.
So I guess it's kind of like one of those like screw you and thank you all at the same time. No it was great. It was so good.
The way I describe it is it is like the best Stephen King miniseries ever that Stephen King had nothing to do with.
Yeah pretty much. Pretty accurate right. Yes. Or like Stephen King and Spielberg or something like that.
And the soundtrack is on point. You're absolutely right. And they're going to release it too.
I know that's awesome. They have some great like 80s songs and what's interesting is that they have like covers of 80s songs that are really good.
Like one of my favorite scenes I'm not going to spoil don't worry but one of my favorite scenes in the whole thing used a cover of David Bowie's Heroes by Peter Gabriel that was released in the 80s.
And I thought that was really really good. Lots of great 80s references. But the thing about it and as like somebody was trying to tell me explain it to me is that it's it's really great.
And the way it refers to the 80s without like shoving it down your throat like everything's very subtle and I think that's what makes the show really work is that it looks like you're watching a show that was made in 1985.
But it's just oh it's high definition on Netflix and widescreen and all that. But it feels like you're just watching something that was made in 1985 except wow Winona Ryder is like 20 years older and now she's the mom instead of the daughter.
And she's great and deserves an Emmy. Absolutely. She deserves an Emmy and the little girl character deserves an Emmy. They all deserve an Emmy. Just get Oprah to hand Emmys to the entire cast.
I mean it's just it's interesting to see all these shows that come to like Netflix now they're just like these really great shows. I mean oh God. And even like even before that you know just like these shows coming to like Annie or you know all the you know like you're walking
deads and just like all these really great series there on these cable channels. Whereas like OK like the normal like basic cable channels like what the fuck are you guys doing. I mean seriously there's nothing. No one gives a shit about your fucking sitcoms.
And I know this is a video game show but I think this is important about that particular TV series too is that the plot was very much like something I would see in a scary video game.
And one thing I really liked about it. You guys know that like I'm cool with scary things but I don't like gore. Like I hate those saw movies and stuff but Stranger Things was very very well done without having any gore or like over the top.
But like there was just only like a couple scenes that were like but it was like it was like PG 13 at worst like it's not. Yeah I wasn't not even too bad. It was just like kind of more creepy than.
Yeah exactly. And it it's very obvious again I'm not going to spoil but it's very obvious. And they've even said in interviews the guys who created that who I don't think have done a lot of other stuff. I think they did like one other show that maybe was on cable somewhere.
But this is like kind of their first big thing. But they've said in interviews that they were influenced by Silent Hill. And there is a very like you know again I'm not going to spoil anything but there's very obvious ties like things that I'm like oh this.
Especially not to spoil anything was specially the very very end of the series. Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah for sure. So anyway we will. We've got to be careful we don't want to go into spoiler territory but I'm sure a lot of you guys have been watching it anyway.
And yeah I just. So yeah you think we're we're paid off by them but we're not. It really is that good. I really enjoyed it and I hope I hope they do get a second season. My hope. Oh they have a second season. Oh good.
My hope was that they would go kind of the American horror story route and that the second season would have no ties to the first season. But going to be the case. Well yeah. Then in the last 20 minutes obviously they kind of leave it open for a second season.
I was I was actually that was my I have two major issues with it. One of them I can't talk about because it's a total spoiler. The other is that it it didn't need to leave it open for a sequel.
I don't think it was. It wasn't like you know how like some movies do it really cheesy bad how they set up for a sequel. Like it's like one of those like wink type of things. I mean it doesn't do that but it's just like I would have been totally fine if they just kind of put a bow on it and was done and then the second season was just a completely different story.
It's also very like not plausible it's like yeah this thing just happened to me and I'm not going to tell anybody about it. I'm going to keep it a secret.
Going to our chat. We do tape live of course every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network. VoG Network dot com. 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. Except not this week. Bobby was out at I believe it's called Fandom Fest in Kentucky and hopefully was doing some videos there.
I know he was taping with Pod Culture another show here at the Voice of Geeks Network and you'll get to hear that episode with both Pod Culture and Bobby on Monday so you stay tuned for that.
But he was there so he wasn't live tonight but we're live here at 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern. If you are listening to our show live you should join our chat over at live dot VoG Network dot com.
SSG100Matt says breaking news. Rob will be starting a Stranger Things podcast starting Thursday. Don't tempt me. Don't tempt me because I could do it. I could do it. Isn't four enough.
I technically already have one. Apparently I was unaware of this but there's a YouTube show that's like after the show or something like that with Netflix or something. They actually talk about shows that are on Netflix and it's sponsored by Netflix.
Of course. Do they do wrap ups of Chelsea? I don't know. That's like the first Netflix show that isn't all at once because it actually is top time and topical so they can't you know she tapes it what three times a week so I'd be curious to see what Netflix is going to do with that format.
But anyway I'm getting off track. Let's see. Other comments from chat over at live dot VoG Network dot com. Act deaf talking about Daredevil. Jessica Jones was fantastic too so and those are shows admittedly I haven't even touched but everybody raves about Jessica Jones as well.
You need to read the comics and see the show and see the show because if you if you read Alias and then go watch this so that you know the differences between the two you can see where they got certain things in the show directly from the comic like whole lines.
And you were a big fan of Kristin Ritter being cast as. Yeah I thought she did great. Yeah Jessica Jones. I've read Alias and the pulse like so many freakin times. She is my favorite character so I thought that she was cast well and everything.
Let's see other comments from chat over at live dot VoG Network dot com. Raginator says sky doesn't like gore but sky. He works so hard advocating for the environment and he invented the Internet.
Ha ha ha. Actually that was one of the that was one of Raginator's first good jokes. So I read that one on air. So good job Raginator. You get a cookie or no you get a Cinnabon delight because we have way too many of those here.
I ate the last cookie. So what exactly is a Cinnabon delight. Have you not eaten it. Eat one. It is so good. Oh wait those are the ones that are like churros right. Kinda. They're even better. It tastes like donuts with like icing inside but it's a really odd texture at first.
Yeah. You're so picky. So picky. All right. Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic and then we'll get into our gaming weeks and the rest of the game gaming news.
So there's lots of we're finally getting back into a lot of big stories going on. And this week we have a pretty big one with No Man's Sky is probably the next big release that a lot of people are looking forward to right.
No Man's Sky is going to be out August 9th. Is that right. A week from Tuesday. That's correct. So we're in the home stretch of that. And you know this was a game that for a long time here on this show I used to kind of give a hard time because remember how like they would do this presentation after presentation.
There was an E3 then the PlayStation Expo and every time they would show the game it was like they were showing the exploration which looked really cool. But I was always sitting there going and the game. What's the game. What is the game element in this.
Now to be fair they have since you know talked a little more about the game and there's videos and so forth. But one thing that you know kind of hasn't been out there is a lot of those like early looks or first few minutes or any of that stuff until this week.
Well they have like 20 like long play sessions but it wasn't like the first section of the game. Yes. Yeah. Some portion of the game. So this week somebody to make a long story short somebody bought a copy of the game it was a leaked copy of the game somebody bought it on eBay for thirteen hundred dollars.
OK that's dumb. A user on Reddit named Daimi Un bought that. Wait wait wait hold on. Did you just razz a guy for spending thirteen hundred dollars. Yes that's way too much money for a game especially it's come out one week. Didn't you buy an early copy of Motorstorm Apocalypse that came out several months earlier than the actual release.
It's like wait I just didn't remember you. Thirteen hundred dollars on it either. And it was a collector's edition. And yeah. So no I would never spend thirteen hundred dollars on a game to get it one week early.
I still feel a little pot and kettle going on here but that's OK. So anyway so he bought the game and it was kind of one of those things where it sounds like he didn't really originally set out on putting all this footage out there.
But he would put a little bit like he put the here's the unboxing and of course the internet goes more more more. And then it was like oh I'm going to put a little more more more. So finally he put like twenty five minutes the like from the beginning of the game out there.
And you know the creator of the game is not happy about it Sean Murray who is the Hello Games founder on Twitter put we've spent years filling No Man's Sky with surprises.
You've spent years waiting. Please don't spoil it for yourself frowny face. To Damien's credit he did go back on Reddit in a final post and said you should just wait and experience the game first hands.
The first videos I posted were perfect. They spoiled nothing. There are more spoilers than you probably realize with this game. I'm only a couple hours in barely touched a few planets and I've already had many fuck yeah moments.
On the one hand I'd love to share those with you but on the other hand Sean is right why not just wait and experience them first hand. That almost makes me wonder if the whole thing was scripted but that's okay.
But I'm not I don't really fault the Reddit user for doing what he did especially listening to the cries of everybody and you know people people kind of want to know what it is that they're going to buy you know because the creators of No Man's Sky and everybody they're asking people to drop sixty dollars on this game and in some ways it's a little bit of a leap of faith.
Like we know a little bit about the game but we don't necessarily know as much as we do about a lot of video games when they come out. It's almost like the movie that isn't screened for critics.
And sometimes you worry a little bit about the movie that isn't screened for critics because what does that usually mean when a movie isn't screened for critics?
It's Ghostbusters.
I guess whatever. Although I think that was screened for critics to be fair but anyway.
All the reviews are embargoed.
To be fair that's totally normal and I'm sure No Man's Sky I'm sure a lot of critics in the gaming industry have played No Man's Sky and they are probably all embargoed until oh I don't know probably the weekend before the Monday before or just before when they're allowed to release their stuff.
So but is anybody going to wonder about how did a leaked copy end up on eBay in the first place? That to me would be the thing I'd really be ticked off about if I were this guy from Hello Games is how did a copy of my game get on eBay for thirteen hundred dollars?
It's so easy.
Yeah?
I mean I don't know where this copy came from but I mean stuff gets leaked out early. Shipments get sent accidentally.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Stoppy says getting a shady early copy is probably a great way to make your Twitch channel blow up. Maybe that's worth thirteen hundred dollars.
Well actually Twitch could ban you for that. Twitch has in the user agreement that you're not supposed to play games that aren't out yet basically. Especially ones that are obtained through questionable means.
Piracy and stuff like that. And they have banned users of big releases like I'm thinking like the Call of Duty's and the Modern Warfare's and those games release and you're playing them on Twitch. They've banned those users.
So that actually wouldn't work. In fact these videos went on I think Daily Motion because YouTube was pulling them as fast as they were posting them.
And Daily Motion pulled them too so.
Yeah well eventually yeah Daily Motion pulled them too. Although I saw it on YouTube but it wasn't like it was through like a. It was like a channel from Brazil or something that probably. Maybe they either flipped the game image or did something with it so it wouldn't get picked up automatically. You know how people do that right?
They'll distort the image or slow it down speed it up or you know so.
I don't think this one they'd be able to pull like you know just based off of like it matching it it's more of something manually matching. You know especially with it like all these people reporting on it. This is easier to report the link.
Yeah. Well did you did you actually get to watch any of the footage?
Nope.
I watched a little bit. I didn't sit and watch all 25 minutes but I kind of just pecked around the you know on the seek bar kind of looked at little portions and it looks interesting. I'm excited to try it.
You know it looked like there was like kind of like some crafting type of stuff going on like he was trying to like mine the planet surface for stuff but I don't think that was really anything that we didn't already know about the game.
No.
Yeah so I guess I was successful in not spoiling any plot details for myself which might be the stuff they're trying to keep.
I heard it runs really nice.
Yeah it seemed to look really good. To me it actually looked like once you have the interface and the UI on it it actually looks different to me than it does in a lot of those previews. I mean not in a bad way it's just like wow this game doesn't look like it did in those previews but those previews like were like UI free like there was nothing in them you know.
It was just like look at the planet surface. So let's see going to chat for more comments over at live dot vog network dot com Tiger class says Yeah I think Twitch has a policy or something about closed betas.
I don't think Twitch allows people streaming games that are on closed betas since those games are under NDA by the beta testers Dungeon Buster points out NBA Elite 11 was canceled and then copies somehow made it to eBay.
I might have been disgruntled developers.
That was actually where they had shipped it late already. It actually had shipped and then got pulled back. Just remember the same thing happened with a little big plant. The first one it had already shipped.
And then they pulled it back to release the new ones because they had that music in there or something objected to that. But I got one anyways.
Well yeah a lot of people still got it anyway so especially it's hard to control what's at every stores as 200 Matt says I thought I heard somewhere that these leaked copies often come from these big box stores.
I would be surprised that the big box stores would have the game this early. Wouldn't they know they get FedEx the night before.
No I'm not exactly sometimes they have it like the week before but typically it's not that early. Yeah this seems really early for that distributors maybe.
Distributors don't get distributors are second classes since compared to big box stores so they're not having that early.
Yes all right. Well so this doesn't change anybody's opinion on no man's sky though right. I'm still I'm totally not buying it now.
Don't lie. Yes you are. Of course I actually haven't bought it yet so I have really that. Oh I mean I'm going to get digitally so OK. Yeah I just I put my Amazon thing in like month. Oh no there's not going to be enough copies of the digital version out there.
Things game stuff. No doesn't that happen sometimes the digital versions sell out. I thought I saw that happening with some game not that long ago. They may have run out like steam keys or something like that.
Depends where you're buying them. Yeah. All right. Let's get to our gaming weeks since no man's sky is now yet. We need to go back and talk about our gaming weeks this week and take a look at some of the video games that we've been playing this week.
Dark Sakura how was your gaming week. Very semi as I pretty much only played Sims 4. Uh huh. And I've played Pokemon Go and that's really about in some pebble because pebble is like my time waster.
But you always have to have that filthy casual game to fill in the gaps with time. I'm rebuilt. I'm actually completely repopulating every village in my game with all custom built houses and custom designed families.
And I have like the family that has like four kids and then I've got like I've just you know just started doing it because it's a good time waster.
While I can't really do a whole lot with my hand because I did have that ganglion sister removed and the sisters back. So it still hurts and I can't really play many things.
Yeah I remember when you had your wrist surgery some time ago you were kind of out of controller gaming for a while. You could still do some stuff but yeah I it's not really comfortable to really hold any anything actually as I just switch.
Yeah. Anything in my hand for very long. So well I hope the doctors get that all fixed up and resolved. You and me both.
All right. Loki how was your gaming week. Same as the last few weeks unfortunately because I haven't really been able to play any console games.
So I just played a little bit Pokemon Go more than I would have actually wanted to play but my son wanted to go out so we went out and played this weekend.
And then right after that we went and had dinner with some friends and went right back to Sutter Street and Old Folsom.
So it was like playing the entire time. I literally drained my battery to nothing. And my wife is more obsessed with the game than I am. She's 15. I'm level 20 and a half now. And my son's 12.
Geez. I guess I'm not playing enough. I'm about to hit 18. I did the whole trick today where I used an egg and I evolved a bunch of stuff and that got me almost completely through level 17.
That's pretty useful. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not quite 18 yet but I'm almost there. But yeah I was trying like I don't know it's been kind of annoying because it's just been the same Pokemon over and over and over again.
Although there was a Bulbasaur I saw the other day who was not even that high level. And I had this is right after I got whatever the third type of Pokeball you have.
I don't know if it's a it's not mass. Is it a master ball. I remember with the third water ball ultra ball. That's right. The ultra ball. So I had the ultra ball and with even the raspberry.
And he's just like he got caught in it then popped right out and like fuck you I'm leaving. Fuck you I'm out. Yeah I hate it when the little bastards break out.
So why not just get work gets worse as you level up. Oh yeah. The artificial difficulty is absolutely stupid. And then it doesn't help that the game's glitched out to where you know forces curveball sometimes.
I found a way to sort of fix that for myself. Like if I notice it's doing that I'll try to spin like I'm going to do a curveball and let it kind of cool down and then throw it and then normally go straight.
But it's just kind of annoying that does that especially when you're using something like an ultra ball or something like oh hey I'm just going to curve for no fucking reason. It's annoying. So yeah.
And yes we know there's a lot of big Pokemon Go news going on right now we'll get to that in a little bit when we get it. Yes. So aside from that little bit tap my Katamari I'm a horrible cheater.
What did you do now. You see I have my computer and my computer is really fast. And so I can take a script from auto it and I can link my computer basically to my phone and have the computer click the game for me.
And there's really no reason to do this because there's no point to the game. So cheater cheater cheater because I can do. So you built something to click the cookies for because let's be real tap my Katamari is cookie clicker. That's all it is. So you build something to tap the cookies for you.
Sort of. Yeah. Cheater at least at least something like that is a single player game. And what you do doesn't really know anybody else. But it's just oh my gosh you're such a cheater. That's kind of I don't know why I'm laughing so hard that you actually built something to click the cookies for you.
Because you can still I can. That's the reason because you can. Let's see going to chat over at live dot vog network dot com. Somebody named Vote Trump in chat says damn that is some next level hacks. Perhaps this person wants you to work on somebody's campaign. I don't know what those types of next level hacks.
I'm sorry that name's offensive. And then I also played Ingress just a little bit. Usually when Pokemon goes not working and also just to keep my streak going until September when I finally get that last badge. And then I'm just like ah fuck it I'll play it whenever then I'm free.
In Dark Sakura it doesn't say what for. It just says vote Trump. You could vote him for biggest poopy head if you want. It just says vote. Voting is important. Maybe they're talking about the cards.
Maybe it's a game. Yes it's like a Trump card. Vote it's P. Knuckle. It's a big P. Knuckle fan. That's what it is. No it's offensive.
All right. Is that it for your gaming week. Yeah. I think that's basically it. All right. My gaming week. Let's see. Actually it's it's slowed down a little bit. A lot of the same stuff I've been playing like Final Fantasy 14 still checking in with that.
Honestly not a whole lot of new stuff. I can't really think of anything new except Dark Sakura. You missed this chat last week so I'll bring it up again. I did fire up my good old World of Warcraft account once again and you were one of the people that was telling me I should do that.
We should play. You're freaking welcome. I need to finish leveling Sakurina. I started a new priest. I started a new character. You need to play sassy pants. And well I do but I wanted to start a new character so I did.
Because you know everything's changed and I feel like there's no better way to figure out the changes than to just start from scratch. You know start from level one and ramp up slowly.
But I'm already level 51. So that might be why I haven't played a whole lot of other games because I've been playing an awful lot of World of Warcraft.
And then I've been playing a little bit of Overwatch. Alan will sometimes make the sad puppy dog eyes because he's really into Overwatch. He's playing the ranked mode and everything and and he's like don't you want to play and I'm like no because I'm terrible at it.
But once in a while he'll talk me into playing and it once I finally get in there and start playing it is fun especially if we have other friends in there playing too. You know friends equals fun and all that stuff always helps make the experience better so yeah Overwatch has been good.
And I just got a text message from Shane not that long ago that I guess he finally bought Overwatch so now that somebody else I know that will be playing so that'll be good.
So that's really it for my gaming week so let's get into some housekeeping for this week. Dark Sakura let's talk about this so just to get the bad news over with and rip the bandaid off.
So Dark Sakura is going to be taking a hiatus from OLR.
Yes against my will because okay I'll just put it out here like this at my job we bid for our shifts every three months and this shift bid came out while I was on leave.
So I missed the bid which gave me like the world's worst schedule for me. However someone traded with me for something that won't be five in the morning except it's on Sunday.
So I will be taking the occasional Sunday out early to come but other than that I'm going to be out for about three months.
So from after Labor Day.
I mean unless we can do like an early day something or something like that.
Well we had talked about doing an early show for Loki's Kid at some point so that's something we can work in at some point.
But for the most part we will be Dark Sakura-less from September to December.
Early December.
Which which sucks but you know it's it's the job it's what you got to do to pay the bills and has to come before any of this stuff so.
And I'll probably be recording some of my segments ahead of time so it's not like you're going to be void of my voice.
Yeah we've talked about ways to kind of fill in the gap and we'll likely be having her do the classic game of the week in advance and we'll kind of tape and this also prevents Loki from picking Halo when she's gone.
But Halo 1 this week. Halo 2 next week.
No because the official word is that I have to approve of something as a classic game.
So you can say it's a classic game but if I don't approve it it's not official.
Did you approve of my choice last week? I don't remember what I picked. Oh I picked Summer Games from the Commodore 64. You like that?
I approve.
Yeah you know why she's approved? It's not Halo.
It's not Halo.
As long as I didn't say Halo.
Hey could I pick ET on the Atari 2600 as my classic game of the week?
Sure.
Hey could I pick the Purina Chuckwagon Chao game?
Can I pick Yaris as the classic game?
No.
Damn it.
Yaris and Halo. That and Yaris is too new.
Oh that's right. Is it?
Give it a couple more years.
I don't know. Give it a couple more years. We might have to have some type of...
You know what you can vote for instead of Halo? The only thing that remotely sounds like it?
Oh.
Hollow Hollow because it's actually kind of tasty.
To be fair you did Marathon and Marathon 2 at some point which were like the precursors to Halo. I think. You did at least one of them.
Didn't you do Halo Wars as well?
No I've never done Halo Wars.
No you did something in the Halo universe I remember.
I did something that was like an early Bungie game.
Yeah well yeah Marathon.
Yeah.
I thought you did something in the Halo universe but it wasn't Halo and it was kind of a finger to Loki.
Halo kitty.
But anyway.
Someone needs to make that mod.
I mean I've done Quake and I've done... I've done like a bunch of different first persons. I'm just now not doing Halo out of spite at this point.
It doesn't matter how good it is. I'll do... I will do Red vs. Blue instead of Halo even though it's not a game and made with Halo assets and still not do Halo.
Except...
No.
It's not old enough.
They didn't have Red vs. Blue. I'm thinking there was... I thought there was like a Civil War game that was something in that sense. Was it Blue and Grey or something?
Maybe. Oh yeah it's a mod or something I think. But anyway. Sorry just quick chats over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see some people sympathizing with you there. Sia Tabiri says shift switches suck.
Stoppy suggests that since we're recording these in advance edit her voice so it says Halo.
No because I know what I said and that won't hold up in court.
She's gonna check the wiki every week and if Halo pops up my phone... my phone... it's not even gonna... I won't even get the text message. My phone will just melt.
I will suddenly appear in this room going Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob... Rob...
It'll be like that scene in Misery where the guy wakes up and Kathy Bates is hovering over him. You dirty birdie.
Oh my god that's a parody I want to do for YouTube.
I'll have the mallet ready.
Anyway. Sorry I love it. It's great.
Sia Tabiri suggests how about the Clue game for Genesis. I love that game actually. I have the cartridge for Super Nintendo which is the same thing.
So you can always you can always send our Sakura your suggestions. You can tweet the matter. She may use them or she might not. Just depends.
I take ideas because I mean I literally looked in the vault. I was like the fuck am I gonna pick and then I pick something that's actually in my garage.
As if there's a difference to the listeners.
No there's a difference. Because the vault is an air-conditioned room that I can comfortably sit in and play whatever the fuck I want.
The garage is hot because this is Sacramento aka Satan's armpit. No wait armpits are humid. Satan's uh what isn't very humid on the body. Satan's foot. It's Satan's foot.
It's hot. It's a convection oven of California. So in our garage we have about five pinball tables and three arcade cabinets. So I picked one of the things out there.
Kaijuto suggests Spy vs. Spy. Yeah I was gonna say I know that was done on a previous episode because if if she didn't pick it I did because that was a great game.
I haven't done Raid over Moscow.
I think I did that one week actually.
I would do that while drinking a Moscow Mule.
Check the wiki orangelaunchradio.wiki.com.
I think I've done Time Crisis.
Yeah there's there's a lot of games we have done believe it or not. Anyway um so.
I've done Galaxian.
We will we will make do without dark soccer a few few months it's gonna be weird but you know we we made Loki's baby time work a couple years ago we'll make this work too.
So you guys are the most important showing up here week after week and supporting the show.
Of course dark soccer can never be replaced but we will try to have some fill ins some substitute teachers visit us over those few months to say hello.
So.
I've done Dragon Spirit by the way because it was the Dragon Ball Z RPG or Dragon Ball RPG sorry not Dragon Ball Z that was before that.
Check the wiki before making suggestions.
Wiki.
Anyways.
Do you speak it?
Well and big thing because we don't I've never touched the wiki.
Why would I do the guy game?
I think Loki did the guy game.
I think Loki did it. I approve of that before I approve of Halo.
That sounds like something I would do. I remember that.
But anyway.
I will approve BMX triple X before.
It was a great game I mean honestly I mean aside from just the ridiculousness of the game but it was a good BMX game.
BMX triple X? Oh yeah.
It was ridiculous.
Oh yeah Dragon Power whatever it's Dragon something.
Alright anyway.
So again that starts after Labor Day we will not be here Labor Day weekend as I will be at Dragon Con that weekend so it's going to be a little bit of a shift of sorts.
At the end of August leading into September and a live Jamie-less end of the year but we'll make it work.
We always do here at Orange Laundry.
I'll be here at the end of the year.
Oh yeah right well yeah.
You're hoping to be back just in time for episode 666.
Yeah I mean I would make that happen one way or another.
What a great return wouldn't that be appropriate for your first show back?
Yes.
Alright.
You know what?
I found this wiki of all like deleted scenes and stuff from games.
Oh yeah what is it the Unseen 64 or something like that?
No it's not Unseen 64.
This is actually just a let me see if I can find the because right now I was looking at the ones for Final Fantasy 7 and yeah it's TCRF.net.
Oh maybe that maybe I am I may be thinking of the same one I don't I can never remember the names of sites.
There's Beta64.
Maybe maybe.
Which is a video thing but it's actually just a whole bunch of stuff that I've I've done the I used to have the for a while the Japanese version of Final Fantasy 7 and these were all stuff from the debugs that I had played around with and I couldn't read very well so just kind of neat.
I would love to see director's cuts of these games with these deleted scenes and everything.
Wouldn't it be awesome?
Yeah for sure.
Yeah.
I did want to give a shout out.
Although I'm glad that bitch Aerith is dead.
I did want to give a shout out by the way real quick to the people that do edit the wiki for Orange Knowledge Radio because I never touch it but all of us hosts it's very meta because all of us hosts have actually used the wiki as a resource for this show because like what game did we pick before we need to go do a control find on the wiki.
I look at that thing every week.
Yeah so it's and it's funny because we I've never touched it so props to all of our people that actually make that happen thank you so much really appreciate that.
So let's see some other quick comments here and then we'll move on.
Stoppy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com suggests we can have a Dark Sakura séance on episode 666.
Oh that might be something interesting.
Knock three times if you can hear me.
Alright anyway.
Let's get into some gaming news.
I think it's the time for that.
We're all past our gaming weeks and housekeeping.
Let's get into gaming news.
Loki.
So Pokemon Go.
Lots of stuff to talk about.
First off they just had an update recently in fact I noticed it yesterday that changes a little bit of the game.
They've nerfed some of the attacks from the actual Pokemon especially a lot of the ones that have been used.
They've also allowed you to re-customize your trainer which is kind of nice because my son says he wants to play as a girl.
And I'm like okay that's fine but I originally created your character to kind of look like you but you can do whatever you want now.
They also I guess changed some of the animations.
They've added like actual new pictures for some of the trophies or awards that you get.
And then they've also removed the three foot thing that was on the actual nearby Pokemon.
So now there's no distance whatsoever indicated with the nearby Pokemon.
Along with that they've done some back end stuff to block PokeVision from working and some of the other tracking applications.
Because yeah I don't know.
I guess service stability or something.
I've to be honest found that the game has been crashing a lot more for me lately but that's just my thing I guess.
There's a lot of I don't know how much you've seen of this on the internet Loki but there's a lot of strong opinions about what's happening with Pokemon GO.
There's a lot of salt.
They are pissed off at Niantic for not talking to the community and a lot of English players are like.
Well aware of this.
Welcome to our world.
Okay so here's the thing.
So I actually like I'm using my quotey fingers got into it on Twitter a little bit today over this.
Although I don't you know as long as nothing ever blurs the line of personal attacks I don't I don't really get like all bent out of shape on Twitter debates.
But I was definitely getting into it a little bit today about these changes and so forth.
Because honestly when I heard that they shut PokeVision down my reaction was good.
I think that site needed to go.
I don't think that site was what the game was intended for.
And it doesn't really do anything.
All it does is like shows you exactly where to go to find stuff.
It's yeah.
It shows us where to find it because they're fucking tracking shit doesn't work for shit.
I kind of get that people have that complaint and so forth.
But here's the thing is that a that site is against the terms of service like you can sugarcoat it however you want or whatever.
But the site is against the terms of service Niantic had a right to pull it down.
Go look up the part about scraping, botting.
You're just sugarcoating it.
You're trying to say oh but you know whatever you know it's it is.
They're going to do it anyways.
People are going to cheat.
But the thing is is that PokeVision shouldn't and I get why people are like upset and so forth.
But here's the thing.
The tracking thing is is temporary.
I'm confident in that.
They're going to bring back the tracking thing.
And the reason why they disabled it is because the game is playable.
So in my in my opinion based on what I'm seeing off what's going on from the system perspective.
They turned off the tracking the 123 foot and all that they disabled that or nullified it or whatever to make the servers more stable.
So that way you can play the game at all.
So Niantic either has it where people are going to be bitching because the radar thing doesn't work.
Or people are going to be bitching because they can't log into the game at all.
Now the one thing I will agree though that Niantic and this never did come up in my Twitter debate earlier.
But it is the thing that I will agree on is that Niantic is doing a pretty crap job at communicating with their player base on some of these reasons why.
And everything that is happening with this situation has to be inferred through interviews.
Like John Hanke said this offhanded comment about don't expect those sites to last much longer.
That a lot of people are like really like running with and so forth.
Like oh he had a personal vendetta against these sites and that's why he shut them down and all this stuff.
And I'm kind of like okay take a step back.
The creators of Pokemon Go did not disable the radar to intentionally piss off their player base.
They're not out there to piss you off intentionally as a gamer.
That's a no win situation for them.
But because they don't communicate well with their player base everybody can kind of make up that line and run with it.
And that's what's happening here because Niantic doesn't really communicate.
And this is where that relationship with Nintendo would come in really freaking handy right about now.
Is that maybe Nintendo can help them out with some of these communication issues.
I feel like they did with the Pogo wrist bracelet thing right.
With it being delayed.
Yeah I feel like didn't Nintendo come out and talk about that too.
Yeah I don't let's see here.
Yeah basically they're supposed to be coming out at the end of or it's supposed to be coming out now in September.
And this is from Nintendo they actually said you know this delay is due to the preparations for Pokemon Go application update in order to optimize Pokemon Go Plus.
In order for us to offer new experiences to play Pokemon Go with Pokemon Go Plus with all high quality level or a quality level high enough to satisfy many people as possible.
We decided it's necessary to take the time for completion. We ask for your understanding.
So anyway I believe the tracking will be back.
And you know for all these salty people that are threatening to leave Pokemon Go and so forth honestly.
Bye Felicia.
Well I don't want to sound so like such an asshole but at the same time it's like actually if people would stop playing for a little bit it would help the servers become more stable.
And the tracking will probably come back sooner rather than later so like your threat to quit.
I'm just kind of like yeah actually could you could you stop playing for a little bit.
But that makes me sound like such a colossal asshole I realize but you know and the tweet I'd written earlier was just a very tongue in cheek thing about holding gyms and so forth and obviously I would like to see a game that everybody can play.
But this is not like seriously guys we've been doing this show what 14 years.
In my opinion Pokemon Go is just another MMO and these are problems that every fucking MMO every single one of them has had when it launched.
Every single one of them has been a shit show in one way or another.
Has there been any that were not a shit show at least in one way or another.
Has there been a smooth MMO launch.
I'm trying to think was Wildstar smooth maybe.
I didn't have a problem. I don't remember a problem with Star Trek online.
Maybe but I just, you know, for the, you know, the big ones like World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy, they all had problems, their first couple weeks.
As far as Niantic's track record again, they've done at least 104.
What?
No I do remember there are problems with Star Trek online nevermind.
Yeah there were.
They've done at least 104 updates to Ingress in the three years it's been out.
They will keep updating Pokemon Go.
This first little update they did is just one of many things to come.
So people just need to step back, take a deep breath, Niantic doesn't fucking hate you.
They're just trying to make the game playable at all.
But at the same time they have a right to close this Pokevision stuff because it's completely removing, like it's one extreme to the other is what it is.
There's already, like there's a subreddit on Reddit of course called Pokemon Go Dev where all these people are developing these third party stuff.
And they've already gotten past all the stuff that Niantic's done.
So it'll be just down for a few days and then it's going to be back up again.
Kaijuto in chat says no worries, more Pokemon nerfing coming, the game is done.
The game is done. That's funny.
Wow is dead too.
The minute they release the second generation Pokemon, everybody will be back.
Listen, you're able to log into the game, so what that they removed the amount of feet that are next to the nearby Pokemon? It's better than nothing.
Honestly, yeah. Because that's the alternative from the technical side of things.
Remember like the way you would refresh the feet thing? You could kind of force the system to do it the same way you do in Ingress.
You click on a Poke stop and click out and then it will refresh things.
Like that's, it's all about the server queries and how often things get pinged to see where the stuff is.
And they, these sites don't help that. It doesn't reduce the number of those queries.
So those sites being up are just putting Niantic back in the same place essentially.
So, let's see, going to chat for some more comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
SSG100Matt says the people asking for refunds are stupid, you don't need to spend money.
Oh, yeah, did you mention that at all? The people that are calling Apple and Google and all that are getting refunds for it?
No.
Oh my god, it's off the hook. Because Kotaku ran a story, here's how you get your refunds for Pokemon Go.
Thank you Kotaku.
And people, people go, ooh, free money. And so I just, I'm kind of surprised the companies are letting them do it.
But I also, like, that's not a read on Apple or Google. It's kind of one of those things where it's like, well, I understand the good customer service and all that stuff.
So, hmm. But anyway, we'll see. We'll see what develops.
All right, let's move on.
Real quick, I wanted to mention one last thing.
Yeah, yeah.
So this is kind of funny. So remember how Pokemon Go really made Nintendo's stocks kind of skyrocket a little bit?
Well, Nintendo actually came out with a release basically saying, hey, even though Pokemon Go is doing really well,
Nintendo doesn't really fully own the franchise and the amount of money that we're, the revenue that we're receiving from Pokemon Go isn't really going to make a huge difference.
And so because of that, you know, their shares then plummeted back down 17%, you know, where they were up, I think previously like 30% or so.
Yeah, I'd heard about, I'd heard about the whole fact that it declined because people realized that Nintendo hadn't really made the game or whatever.
It's just funny.
Oh, well. If only I could get in on that.
Yeah, well Nintendo could, you know, again, they could kind of own a little, they do own part of Niantic though.
They own part of Niantic, they own part of the Pokemon company. I mean, they do.
It's kind of like how most of Yahoo's money comes from their investments in Alibaba or whatever that site is in China.
Alibaba is the name of it. Most of Yahoo's money comes from their investments in that.
Funny.
I think investments can still be worth a lot.
Well, now most of their investments are going to be coming from their purchase or being purchased by Verizon.
Yeah. Oh, and a TigerKlon chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, you heard that the boss of Niantic's Twitter account got hacked?
Yeah, I did see that. And it's just one of those things where I just kind of face palmed and I'm like, God dammit gamers, this is why we can't have nice things.
No, no, no, no, stop blaming gamers. Seriously. But everybody games. Pokemon Go.
That is the reputation that's going to be out there.
No, no, no, that's like saying, damn you white people. I mean, because seriously.
Well, I have said that on several occasions.
Seriously, like, can we just stop doing that? Because why are we assuming that a gamer is the one that hacked this person's thing?
Okay, that's fine. Everybody is playing games. Everybody is fucking playing Pokemon Go.
Pokemon Go is a game, therefore you're a fucking gamer. So let's stop labeling people. Damn you food eaters for fucking hacking him.
If you would let me finish my thought, it actually, the hack doesn't seem to do with this recent fuckery about the website getting closed and all that.
But the fact that the game hasn't released in Brazil. So it appears that these are gamers in Brazil that are very anxious about Pokemon Go being released,
who actually hacked the account because Niantic has not released the game in Brazil.
And to the folks in Brazil, I tell you, there's, again, server stability things.
There's probably a really good reason why the game isn't out for you yet, because the game needs to be playable.
Although, granted, they did still release the game in Japan, but Japan's a little different because, you know, it's kind of the homeland of Pokemon and Nintendo.
So I think there was a lot more pressure that the game kind of had to release in Japan in a reasonable timeframe.
But unfortunately, Brazil will probably have to wait. It's a very big place. Brazil probably will have to wait until some of these server issues sort themselves out.
But look at the bright side, Brazil. You'll never have to deal with all this junk that we've been talking about this week.
That'll all be worked out by the time you get the game. So enjoy the Olympics and stuff in the meantime.
Alright. Anyway, let's go and talk about Nintendo NX rumors, because there's never enough Nintendo NX rumors.
But these ones actually seem to be a little more, I guess, believable, plausible.
I don't know. When I look at this, I kind of go, yep, this is probably it. This probably hits the nail on the head.
Eurogamer is the site that kind of broke this. But when I say broke this, it's more like confirmed a lot of speculation that was out there already.
And what the deal is, is that the NX is apparently a handheld, think like a tablet type of device with detachable controllers on the left and the right side.
When you detach those controllers, you can dock the tablet and it will play on your television using those controllers that used to be plugged into the tablet.
And that is essentially what the NX is. It is a handheld and a console.
So it's not like the earlier speculation that we've had on this show that the NX is a handheld, comma, and a console system, basically.
Like there's two separate ones, but that it is actually combined in one.
So it's a Nomad.
Is that what, did that do the same thing?
The Sega Nomad.
Did that kind of do the same thing?
It was a handheld Sega Genesis and you could plug it into your TV.
I guess in a way, yeah, it could be.
Now, some other specs about this, it's going to have the NVIDIA Tegra processor in it, which is kind of the big thing they're talking about.
But that is a change, a big change from the parts that are on the GameCube and on the Wii and the Wii U.
So a lot of folks are saying don't expect backwards compatibility because that is changing.
Also, there is going to be a recommended 32 gigabyte cartridge.
But when we say cartridge, think more a DS cart and less a old school thick gray cartridge because, again, this is a handheld thing that's meant to go with you on the go.
This makes a lot of sense to me and this is probably right.
What do you think, Loki?
The only thing that I think was missing is one of the rumors is that it's not the Tegra chip that's out now.
It's going to be a brand new Tegra chip because the one that's out now is kind of underpowered a bit.
But I don't know, we'll just see what it is.
I mean, honestly, I just don't see how this is going to revolutionize stuff.
Well, it's going to be neat that, again, this is something that was already with the rumors is that it would probably be like a Wii U, except you could really take that tablet part anywhere with you.
And that's essentially what it sounds like this NX is going to be.
And especially in a culture like Japan, where there's a lot more of the commuting and mass transit and so forth, where somebody could start a game in the morning, literally pick it up and play it on their way to work.
That's pretty cool. Although, I wonder what the size of that tablet is going to be.
Did they say what the size of the tablet is? Are we talking like an iPad size thing or are we talking like the size of a DS?
I don't know.
Do we know?
I'd be very curious what the size of that thing is going to look like to see what that kind of looks like for mobility.
Is it something that's going to fit in my pocket or am I going to have to carry a man bag in order to take that thing with me on the go?
That's a big question as well.
And Dark Tetsuya says, it would certainly be in line with when Nintendo was talking about unifying things between handheld and console.
So just have all the games as console and handheld at the same time.
That comment from live.vognetwork.com.
And yeah, I think that's going to be one of the biggest assets of this system.
Even though the Wii U kind of lost that third party support after the first year,
and a lot of the third party companies stopped making games for it,
they were still making games for the 3DS and the DS.
So for Nintendo to recover from whatever slump you want to say the Wii U may have put them in,
why not leverage that strength in the handheld department and just unify it?
And like, hey, if you make a game for the handheld, guess what?
It's going to work on the console too.
And then it's also kind of that double sided thing where it's like, hey, that Xbox One or PlayStation 4 game you're making,
guess how easy it is to port to the NX and it's now a handheld game.
It'll run on the tablet.
I think it's going to really open it up to the third party publishers and hopefully keep a repeat problem of the Wii U from happening.
But you know, it is about time for a refresh of the 3DS and the DS technology.
So I'd be very curious to see what happens with that.
Speaking of that, one other real quick point I wanted to say is that a lot of people are saying don't expect backwards compatibility with the Wii U and the Wii and all that stuff.
Although I would think a virtual console for at least GameCube would be a given.
They'll emulate it.
They don't know how to fucking do networking.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is your mic off?
Lowkey, Lowkey, Lowkey, Lowkey, is your mic off?
It doesn't mind me.
Maybe for that it needed to be off.
But anyway, what was I saying?
So it probably won't play the Wii or the GameCube games, but maybe it'll play the DS or the 3DS games.
Why not?
It would make a lot of sense that it would play the old handheld games.
Well, being that an Android phone couldn't emulate those anyways.
Why not?
No, but seriously though, they're going to fucking screw us with the virtual console game.
Make some excuses like, oh, we just can't figure out how to link those stories together.
It's, networking is so hard.
Rama in chat says Tegra ain't going to be able to emulate that, Sky.
Whatever's in this thing is able to run the new Zelda game.
It's supposed to be rumored to be a new Tegra chip.
It's a new chip that hasn't been revealed yet.
And it's supposed to be, the whole thing's supposed to be announced in September, supposedly.
We'll see.
Yeah, but you know, again, if it's going to play that new Zelda game, it can play the old 3DS games just fine.
And it can probably do GameCube games too, even though it is a different processor.
They could probably emulate it, but we'll see.
We'll see.
TigerKlon chat says it'll probably be scaled down to run on it.
That would really surprise me if that ended up being...
That would be funny.
We didn't show you the NX version. I know you guys are expecting a better version, but...
Why? That would be shooting that new console in the foot.
It needs to look better on NX than Wii U.
Well, this is the same company that fucking thinks that they can play in their own playground
and they don't have to compete with the other companies.
Which is a...
How well did that fucking work out for you with the Wii U, mister I don't want to compete with other companies?
Yeah, you won't be competing with the other companies because they will blow you the fuck away.
Is what's going to happen.
And, I mean, I hope this gimmick is fantastic.
I hope that this really brings, you know, the third parties to your console.
But, if it doesn't have the power to keep up with the games that they're developing,
I'm sorry you're going to be left in the dust again.
It's going to be...
Yeah, you're going to have the great first party titles, but those are always fucking there.
So that's not something that...
I mean, that's something that...
Well, yeah, it really depends on what those launch titles are.
If they have some must-have stuff at launch, there's going to be a lot of people really into this.
I do. I think if Nintendo can come out with some strong first party things...
And I kind of feel like they may come out swinging with a bunch of Wii U ports for the NX.
And we've heard rumblings about a remastered Splatoon, a remastered...
Was it Mario Maker? Something else on the Wii U recently.
That they're talking about a remastering for NX.
They'll probably just punch us with all this stuff right at launch.
You know, obviously there needs to be stuff besides recycled Wii U games if they want this to succeed.
But, we're about due for something in the Mario Galaxy or the Mario 3D setting.
So that would be something I could definitely see as a launch game.
And, oh yeah, there's Zelda. That's kind of a big deal as well.
Yeah.
So, we'll see what happens.
So, Fifth Dream in chat says, what? Nintendo wants you to buy all your games again?
Well, yes and no. Of course they want you to buy them again.
And they'll do something with this to soup them up.
And the fact that you can take Splatoon with you on the go and all this stuff will probably be...
Although, how would you take it on the go with you and play online?
I'm assuming there's no cellular data thing.
I mean, maybe it's got Wi-Fi, so you could play it at Starbucks or something, but I don't know.
I'm going to take a page out of the fucking Vita and call it asynchronous multiplayer.
Or better known as, fuck it, we're not doing multiplayer.
But, Fifth Dream, that also may be an opportunity to try to push this console for people that skipped the Wii U.
And I think that would be more of the strategy behind this is, hey, look at these games that you still haven't played yet.
You could just buy the better versions on your NX at launch for 40 bucks.
We'll see what happens. We'll see.
Alright, let's move on. Something else. Dark Saga.
Well, we have been talking about this for how many years? It's the whole 38 Studio thing?
A while. It's been a while.
Well, finally, after a four year investigation into the collapse of 38 Studios, the decision has been made that there will be no criminal charges filed against the company.
And the quote says, a bad business deal does not necessarily make it a crime.
So, the Attorney General, the Rhode Island Attorney General, and the Superintendent of the State Police made the announcement.
And they were, they say, we know taxpayers aren't going to be happy about it.
So, yeah. And of course, when asked about it, Curt Schilling's response was that they could have saved tens of millions more by making that statement five years ago.
And the quote on here is, disgusted to see officers sent on fake ass witch hunt.
So, it's over. Over and done.
I'm not surprised they didn't bring criminal charges. I mean, you know, just, it's done. Let it be. We're past it at this point.
I just don't see the point of dragging what's his name through the mud, even though he's said a lot of other things where, you know, I, bleh.
But for this particular circumstance, specifically, like it's just, you know, why, why do we keep dragging this out? Let's just, it's done.
It costs the state a lot of money. Let's move on.
That they never should have given him in the first place. But, you know, hindsight's 20-20. What can he do?
Better to be done.
All right. Let's move on. Loki, what do you have for us next?
So, I mean, I guess this was to be expected after they announced that they weren't going to be making any more of these games.
But Disney Infinity, they've announced basically their server shutdown plan.
So, you know, Disney Infinity is going to be shutting down their servers, ending everything finally on March 3, 2017.
But before that, starting September 30th, the Apple TV versions, I guess, of the games will be removed from the store.
And then also, you'll simply, I guess, get the boxed versions of the games.
And then, I guess, following that January 3rd, they're going to be removing the in-game purchases from PC, from the 2.0 and 3.0 on PC.
And then, of course, you know, finally, at the very end, they're going to be taking everything else down.
Although, starting, I guess, already, they've already removed some stuff as well.
So, Disney Infinity 2.0 in-game purchases on PC, iOS, Android, and Apple TV have been turned off.
But that doesn't affect Infinity 3.0 yet.
I'm curious to see what happens with the figures, if it's going to drive them up in price, or...
Well, some folks in chat are saying, Bob Coffey in chat says the Infinity figures are on hella clearance right now.
I wonder where that is, because not everything, you know, when they first announced that the game was stopping,
I think we were expecting to see clearances everywhere, and that didn't happen.
Yeah, I kind of want to get some more of those. My wife's like, no, don't buy anymore.
Well, it depends how much. You know, they are still good figures, little toys.
If you're going to buy those little pop doll figures, why not the Disney Infinity figures?
Well, I just meant for my son, because, you know, he wants to play that.
And he doesn't really play it on PlayStation 4 anymore, so I was thinking, like, pick up the digital version on PS3 on Wii U.
And then that way, you know, since everything's plug and play, you just, you know, move the stuff over,
he can just play it in his room on that.
But that's really unfortunate that the game's plug is being pulled, you know, so there's no chance they're going to sell anymore 3.0s during the holiday or any of that stuff.
No, they've already moved on. Like, they've got, like, this licensing stuff I've seen with, like, the Marvel characters,
and so they have these elaborate toys that, it's got some IR stuff with it as well. I'm not really sure what that is.
Bob Coffee says a lot of Walmarts should have them on rollback for $4.96 for a lot of the 3.0 and 2.0 figures.
It's pretty cheap.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I just, but the game itself should still be playable, it's just the online where you play with friends and stuff wouldn't be available anymore, right?
No, online wasn't that great anyway, so it's, like, up to four people, and, I mean, I just never really used the online stuff.
My son just really just builds a level, and that's it.
I mean, there's not really, we're not downloading levels or playing any of the levels that people make. It's just kind of, no.
Tigerclaw in chat says with Disney Infinity gone, we only have three toys to life left.
Skylanders, Lego Dimension, and Amiibos. I don't know if Amiibos totally count as toy to life.
No.
They're kind of a unique category, and I thought I heard that in the last Nintendo earnings, they really took a hit on Amiibos.
Like, the bubbles kind of burst, but it also seems like they didn't really do much with Amiibos the past few months.
I mean, yeah, okay, they had, like, a recoloring Splatoon set, and a few other, but, I mean, they didn't have anything big.
That's just cash drive shit right there.
Yeah, they didn't have anything big, you know? So, I wonder if Amiibo is kind of in a holding pattern until NX.
I'll be curious to see what they do for the holiday, but I don't think Amiibo's gone.
Like, I mean, think about all the cool stuff they could have done, like, you dress up your Miis, you scan it in, boom, like, hey, you got costume or something.
Yeah, I mean, well, I mean, to be fair, we had that whole story last week about that Animal Crossing is being updated to include Amiibo.
I mean, it's silly, but it's something, and it's cool that it's a title that, you know, most people have just kind of had sitting dormant on their 3DS for years.
So, I mean, if Nintendo kind of keeps throwing those types of little bones at us, I think that's really cool.
I wonder if that's one of the games that they're remastering for the NX.
I wonder. Hmm.
That's why that's being added right now, is cross-play with that version of the game.
The only reason I'm not saying yes, absolutely, is because there's also the mobile game that's happening, and I don't think they would want those out at the same time.
So, I mean, we'll see, but the mobile thing should be out by the end of the year.
We're supposed to be getting, what is it? What was the other one? Is Fire Emblem the other one?
We're supposed to be getting those two free-to-plays mobile things to follow up Miitomo by the end of the year.
That's what it was, right? It was Fire Emblem and Animal Crossing, right?
I know Animal Crossing.
I don't remember.
Let's see, Indartetsuya in chat says, yeah, that's what I'm thinking. They're waiting for the NX launch to do some more stuff since all the Amiibo-supported games are already out.
I think the only really new one is the patch for Animal Crossing.
Also, the only other thing I wanted to say with the toys-to-life thing is that those are the only toys-to-life thing remaining for consoles.
But don't forget, Target still has that huge section for the other Marvel thing that just plugs right into your TV.
That's what I was saying. They've got that thing right now.
Yeah, so they're not totally gone, for what it's worth.
But I think now that stuff is starting to slow down a little bit and is honestly probably better left to a company like Lego.
Because Lego is making the stuff that, you know, the age group that has a lot of money wants.
And they're already making toys anyway. So, I don't know. We'll see.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about Doom DLC. Did you ever play the new Doom, Loki?
Not yet.
You should check it out.
It's probably going to be something I purchase on sale and then never play again.
Well, there's a multiplayer add-on that's coming out with some new maps.
But what's pretty cool about this, you kind of worry like, oh, when the new maps come out, there's going to be all these people that don't have the maps who aren't going to be able to play.
Well, actually, this is pretty cool. The new expansion, Unto the Evil, which is the multiplayer add-on, is that they're not going to split the community with it.
So, here's what happens. The DLC is going to have a feature called Party Play.
And they're calling this very similar to what Payday 2 does and Warhammer End Times.
You will not have to buy Unto the Evil in order to play on the DLC maps.
As long as you're in another party with a player who purchased the DLC map, it will come up in the rotation and you won't be kicked out.
So, as long as one person in the party owns the DLC, everybody can play the map in the rotation.
But I guess, I don't know, it doesn't say if you could pick the map manually. It might still be just part of the random generation or what have you.
And that's honestly probably a really good thing.
And then lets people sample those maps and decide if they want to buy it on their own.
So, I think that's probably the best way to do this without splitting the player base.
So, I need to go back and play some more Doom. It is a really, really well done, just graphically great game too.
And I played a little bit through it and then just, you know, my typical gamer, ooh shiny, something else to play kicked in and I never went back to Doom.
So, I need to get on that.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us before we get to release dates?
Well, news about Shenmue 3. Ooh. Did any of us pay into the Kickstarter?
I did not chip into the Kickstarter because I just kind of stopped backing video game Kickstarters.
I've only done one Kickstarter.
I'll be curious to check it out.
I did one Kickstarter.
What was that?
The Hotchafel Boyfriend Plushies.
I now have four pigeons on my desk at home.
Anyway, one of the people who worked on the other Shenmue is going to be returning.
This is the sub director for the series, Okuyasu Keiji is going to be returning and working on the game.
And he really is looking forward to being a part of it and I have a good quote from him too.
This is what I personally want to stress for my part is what makes Shenmue, Shenmue.
The game has an utterly unique atmosphere and I want all that to be breathed in.
As you play along, you feel the ambiance, the mayo, and from place to place, getting that full sensory experience.
So, that was in reference to working on the other two and wanting that to continue.
Well, I hope the magic can strike a third time. I really do.
There's a little bit of me that's concerned that after so many years of there not being Shenmue, that this one may miss the mark, but we'll see.
As long as it has more Fantasy Zone and Space Harrier in it, I'm happy.
And games of Lucky Hit, hopefully.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some video games that you'll be playing a lot sooner than Shenmue 3.
How about in the US, Loki?
So, let's see. This week, we don't have No Man's Sky and that's all that really matters.
Next week, though. Or, yeah, next week.
So, starting off for the first week in August here, we've got Abzu.
That's going to be coming out on PC and PlayStation 4.
Also, we get the beginning of the Batman the Telltale series.
Episode 1 is going to be coming out this week as well.
Oh, awesome. I want to check that out.
On pretty much all platforms.
Nice.
A game on PC called This is the Police.
And I can only hope that's based off of the band.
And then finally, Tricky Towers on PC and PlayStation 4.
And then on mobile, coming out this week, Mobius Final Fantasy.
That's coming out on iOS and Android.
Oh, is this the week for that?
Yep, apparently.
Overcooked, which is on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Do you remember that one?
No, it's not the sequel to Overwatch?
Nope. Overcooked, if I remember correctly, is the one that is like Iron Chef,
but you also have to go hunt the monsters in your ingredients.
So, it's that whole joke about why is the restaurant so slow?
Do they have to kill the chicken first?
Something like that.
But, yeah, this is like an RPG or something.
If I remember correctly, that's what that is.
Little King's Story is going to be coming to PC as well.
And that's it.
Alright, let's travel to Japan and check out the release schedule in Japan.
Some price reductions on the PlayStation 4 this week on the 4th of August
for Biohazard Revelations 2, which, of course, is Resident Evil.
That gets a price reduction on the PlayStation 4.
But also out this week is Wasteland 2.
The Director's Cut is out this week.
That is on the PlayStation 4.
I don't think the Wii U really has anything going on right now.
Nope, things are very slow and quiet over there on the Wii U.
On the Vita this week, though, we have Genkai Toki 7 Pirates
is out this week on the 4th.
And then we also have, there's a limited edition of that same game as well.
And that's really it on the Vita.
And then lastly, on the 3DS this week, we have Dragon Ball Fusions.
There is a new Nintendo, yeah, there's a new Nintendo 3DS LL.
There's a Super Famicom Edition and a Fire Emblem Edition.
And the Super Famicom Edition, it doesn't actually look like,
well, actually, no, it kind of does look like a Super Nintendo.
The box art did make it look like that.
Okay, that is pretty cool.
I don't know if you guys can see that here in the studio.
Let me make that a little bigger so that it doesn't zoom in.
But when it's closed, it actually looks like a Super Famicom system
with the little power switch and the eject.
And then on the inside, the buttons are actually colored
like they were in a Super Famicom.
Okay, that is super cute.
And if I collected 3DSs, I would want that.
But that's a very expensive thing to collect.
And then also on the 3DS this week, 12Sai Kousuru Diary is out this week.
And then there is Sekaijuu no Meikyu 5 Nagaki Shinwa no Hatae
comes out this week.
And that is in a regular and a collector's pack edition.
And this is the Eterion Odyssey series in Japan.
So it's the latest in that game.
So if you like your dungeon crawlers, enjoy.
And that's it for Japanese releases.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
Well, a few things.
In the UK, we have the Telltale Batman on everything
and Abzu for PlayStation 4 and PC and Space Rift for PC.
On the 5th, Little King's Story for PC.
That's it.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys
than the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So this is something that they kind of teased, I want to say,
during E3 on talking about Oculus support coming to Minecraft.
Well, it's going to be coming a little bit sooner now.
So we should be expecting actually in the next few weeks, apparently.
It is already available for the Gear VR.
So they have a specific version for that.
But now they're talking about like on Windows 10
and possibly the regular PC version as well.
Very exciting.
I'm curious to see when that's going to be coming out, though.
They didn't really specifically say, but in the next few weeks.
I know you don't really have Oculus Rift,
but if you did, would you be all over this?
I do have the Oculus Rift.
Oh, that's right, you do. That's right.
Sorry, I'm thinking the Gear VR for some reason
was the only thing you have.
So are you going to check this out, then?
I will, but it'll run like absolute shit on my laptop.
But I mean, yeah, sure, I'll try it.
Try it.
It's just, it's going to, you know.
Well, the graphics in Minecraft aren't that good.
Right.
So, remember we were talking how like, you know,
they've basically, the Pokémon Go, Niantic has blocked those apps and stuff.
And like I mentioned, there's already workarounds for it.
So I have this app on my phone that I just downloaded
that is a third-party app that someone made.
And not only does it show you which Pokémon are around you,
it shows you all the Pokéstops in the area and everything.
It shows you if there's lures on them and all that.
So it must be tapping into the API or whatever.
Right.
So, also against terms of service, but we'll see.
Anyway, I know you all are excited that Just Dance,
Ubisoft's Just Dance series is going to be getting, I guess, a spin-off series.
It's not dancing, though. It's singing.
That's right. Just Sing was announced this week.
Ubisoft announced that they are making the game.
Just Sing is not supposed to be about competition.
It's just, you know, creating shareable stuff.
So, and when you watch people in the trailer do this,
they're holding the thing out like they're making a selfie while they're,
it's kind of weird, but whatever.
Stupid is the word you're looking for?
Well, apparently, lip-syncing is as good as actually singing.
It's not measuring your pitch.
It's measuring if you're, like, trying.
You're actually getting an A for effort, I guess.
So, you could just lip-sync.
So, if you don't want to sing, you can just bah, bah, bah, you know,
watermelon, bananas, watermelon, bananas,
and you would get credit for singing watermelon, bananas,
even though the song is really, you know,
the new Fergie song about the milfs, the milf man,
or what the hell is their new song about that's ridiculous?
Somebody knows what I'm talking about, right?
Fergie has a new song.
Dark Socko, clearly you know this, right?
Somebody in chat knows, right?
All right.
So, anyway, Just Sing will also take advantage of Xbox One's Kinect
or the PlayStation Camera.
Your phone is the microphone and camera via a free app,
which, you know, Just Dance has this as well.
And let's talk about the song list, what's in this game here.
So, oh, I thought the song list was going to be there on the actual article,
but I know, let's see, Dark Tetsuya had posted it in our forums,
and there was some pretty hilarious songs in here.
It's kind of a little bit of a mix of different genres
and different decades like you would expect.
Let's see, Chandelier by Sia, so you can go around and do the dance
that the girl does in the video.
Love Me Like You Do by Ailey Goodling.
One More Night by Maroon 5.
What Do You Mean by Justin Bieber?
Let's see, Baby One More Time, which I'm assuming is Britney.
Girls Just Wanna Have Fun.
I Love Rock and Roll.
Love Shack.
Oh, my favorite karaoke song is going to be in Just Sing.
I can't freaking wait.
There it is.
All right.
So, yeah, I'm sure you all are looking forward to Just Sing.
Anyway, if that isn't enough for you,
there's other karaoke games coming out later this year.
A video game based off The Voice is coming out.
This is a new Voice video game
because I feel like there already was one on the Wii or something.
But anyway, this is yet another game based on The Voice,
and it will include 30 top tracks from the charts
that you can use to impress the coaches,
and you can play it by yourself or you can play it with friends.
Voxler is the developer behind the game,
and, yeah, that should be something that will be a hit at parties, I guess.
I don't think I will...
I don't know if I'll be picking that up.
Only 30 songs? That doesn't seem like very many.
You've got to have more in this day and age.
All right, let's travel to a classic time.
It's a classic time when people were not singing into their phones
and taking selfies and all this stuff.
If you took pictures of yourself playing video games,
you had to go get those pictures developed.
And they were usually taken by other people anyway.
It's the classic game of the week.
Remember One Hour Photos?
Whatever happened to One Hour Photoshops?
Remember Mastering the Art of the Selfie with a Polaroid Camera?
They're all cash advance shops now.
Anyway, it's the classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the vault and find a game that she thinks,
hey, you ungrateful little brats, put your phones down and play this.
You won't find any Pokémon there, but this is way better than Pokémon.
Right, Dark Soccer?
Well, this game is a sequel that was eight years in the making.
What is the classic game of the week?
Blasteroids.
Remember, I said I have one of these in my garage.
Dan sends me this text, hey, look what I just got, and it's a Blasteroids.
I'm like, really? Okay.
This game is older than a bunch of people I know.
So Blasteroids was a sequel to Asteroids, which came out in 1979.
Blasteroids came out in 1987.
And it uses full raster, not vector, as Asteroids did.
It had home computer ports that were released.
In 1989, we had Image Works releasing it for the Amiga, the Amstrad CPC,
Atari ST, Commodore 64, N128, MSX, MS-DOS PC, and ZX Spectrum.
Sorry, ZX Spectrum.
I have to say it right.
Also, one thing, though, to note is that this has never appeared in any of the Midway compilations,
though it did show up in LEGO Dimensions as an unlockable minigame that was accessible in The End is Try.
So basically, it's, you know, more Asteroids.
You control your ship from an above view in a 2D representation of space,
and then you use thrust to, you know, move the ship along with its momentum.
You can slow down or stop moving, so you have to rotate it to face the direction it came from,
and then generate exactly the right amount of thrust you need to nullify the motion.
It also has fuel that...
It's energy that, you know, will also deplete the shields to protect from collisions and enemy fire.
And then once all that energy is gone, you are dead.
So you have to destroy Asteroids and enemy ships.
And the ship can also be turned into three different versions.
One of them is a fast one called the Speeder, a fighter that has the most firepower, and the warrior that has extra armor.
And so you can start...
At the start of the game, you get four different Warps, which are your difficulties.
Easy, Medium, Hard, and Expert.
And so when you fly through that Warp, that gives you your difficulty,
and each Warp has different galaxies with 9 or 16 sectors, your levels, depending on the difficulty that you go through.
So basically you just have to clean out all of the fields and keep moving forward.
You get different power crystals to power you up, but they decay over time.
You also get these type of Asteroids that if you shoot them, you have to shoot them again,
because they'll break into smaller pieces.
And then you've got your boss, Mukor, who shows up after the sectors are cleared of Asteroids.
He will try to ram you and send little ships into you.
And he has tentacles, because you have to have tentacles.
It also has a multiplayer mode, so a second player can join in by pressing the fire button for one credit.
And so Blastroids is multiplayer Asteroids as well.
And then you can also cover each other's ships by docking one of them.
So, for example, if you dock and one is a Speeder and the other one is a Warrior,
then it will turn the Speeder into a turret with more firepower.
It'll do different things to each other.
So that's it, Blastroids.
You know, I have to admit, I've never played this, Blastroids.
I actually had no idea that this existed. I somehow just missed it all these years.
You can play it at my house.
Apparently I can. And some pinball.
Well, you know, a party was yesterday.
Well, I was actually about to, I was surprised you didn't talk about that at the beginning of the show.
Because I didn't go.
You didn't go.
Because what am I going to do, play everything and hurt?
Yeah, with your wrist. Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that.
So, I slept.
And I really wanted to go, but a friend of mine had a situation that they needed my help on.
So I had to do that instead.
Well, Dan ended up taking the Blastroids with him.
Oh, okay. Wow.
Yeah, there's people who bring like arcade machines there for Atari Party as well.
That's awesome. Did they still do it in that little room at the library?
Yeah, well sometimes they do it in Sunnyvale as well.
But it's basically at one library or another.
Wow, that's still really cool. Awesome.
Alright, well there it is, your classic game of the week, Blastroids.
Come over to Jamie's house and play it.
She's inviting you all over.
Yep.
Alright, well we're going to take a quick break you guys.
When we come back there's plenty more show to come including rapid fire news, the FUs of the week, and the mailbag.
Your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
All when we come back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode 652 for this July the 31st of 2016.
We've been talking about all sorts of news tonight, including the latest on what's been going on with Pokémon GO,
the No Man's Sky leaks, which I think I caught Loki watching there during the break.
You must have found them somewhere.
Yeah, I found them somewhere.
Yeah, what'd you think?
I thought they looked fun. It just makes me want to play it even more.
Yeah, there you go.
And talk about some of the big NX rumors as well.
So we've had a pretty busy show, and we've got plenty more to come including your phone calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
So be our friend on Skype, and we'll be getting to the Skype line a little bit later in the show.
But first, some rapid fire news.
Right, and speaking of No Man's Sky, it is going to be a game that does not require PlayStation Plus.
Being the fact that it is multiplayer technically, because there are other players playing,
but the universe is so vast that it's very unlikely that you'll find anybody.
So that's why they're not charging you for the multiplayer on that.
That's kind of funny.
But it looks seriously fun.
I got it.
It's going to be hard to wait another eight days for it.
Yeah.
We'll see.
And this is pretty cool.
We kind of talked about this I think either last week or the week before last.
There was a game called Pray for the Gods, and that was very similar to almost a Shadow of the Colossus-type game on Kickstarter.
And it's met its goal.
So they've already met their goal, and it is funded, still with ten days left.
And not only that, but they've announced that they're going to be coming to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
So basically saying they've already even tried porting them to the system.
It says within days we had them playable and running at 30 FPS unoptimized.
So hopefully that will be running a little bit faster when they do eventually optimize it, but that's pretty awesome.
And spontaneous music!
Now we're in the safari.
Sorry about that.
I don't know why my playlist looped back to the beginning.
That was awkward. Sorry about that.
But yeah.
So that looks pretty awesome.
I am looking forward to actually playing that sometime whenever they do eventually release it.
All right.
Let's move on and talk about Splatoon and Splatfest.
You know, they're done, because the Callie and Marie thing, that was the last Splatfest that was ever going to happen.
Who won?
I believe Marie did?
I think Marie did.
I don't know. I didn't play. I missed it.
But I'm pretty sure Marie did.
Okay. Thank you. Act F in chat confirming that.
So start to see.
So usually when you participated in these Splatoon events, you would get currency known as Super Sea Snails.
However, because Splatfests are basically done, some people were like, well, how am I going to get these now?
Well, the good news is there is going to still be a way to earn this currency.
You have to talk to Judd, who's the lazy cat, and you exchange Ranked and Turf War wins for one snail.
But it is a pretty big rate. You do have to do 30 wins per snail.
But you can also buy additional snails from Spike with gold if you want.
I will never play this.
What?
Why?
Snails.
Oh, but you're giving them away.
No. It involves mollusks. I won't play it.
It's a little silly.
But that's it. So you are able to get those currency even though they're gone, essentially, from being able to be earned in Splatfest.
Also announced this week, there is a brand new expansion coming to Hearthstone.
I know some of you all play Hearthstone like crazy on PC and tablets.
And there is a new expansion that's been announced. It's called One Night in Karazhan.
Lots more single player content, 45 new cards, and it launches August 11th with the prologue mission free for everybody.
And if you looked at the trailer, it looked ridiculous.
But I'm okay with that because Karazhan was my favorite thing in World of Warcraft that raid.
I have a lot of good memories about that raid.
So I'm okay with it being a little bit over the top and silly and disco crazy because that is what I like.
I like a little bit of cheesy.
Alright, let's move on. DarkSaukra, for RapidFireNews.
Well, we have a listing for Metal Gear Solid V Definitive X.
It just says X, EX.
So, it looks like it's supposed to be, hopefully, a more fleshed out version of the Phantom Pain, maybe?
Or it would just have whatever DLC or whatever came with it?
Take a guess. I would say it's probably the Phantom Pain and the...
What was the first one they released? Their demo.
Oh, yeah. They gave it away during PlayStation Plus at one point. I know what you're talking about. Yeah, the prologue thing.
Phantom Pain and... It just slips to mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. The one that everybody had been talking about where it was like two hours or whatever.
Right. I mean, my guess. It's just a compilation of both.
Makes sense.
Now the chat room knows about my big mollusk phobia.
Well, I mean, they're not... I don't know. It's just a little... Like, it looks like a coin. I don't know. But whatever.
If it's just the shell, that's fine.
Yeah, that's all it is. It's not just like wheel around on the ground or anything.
But the word even creeps me out. The thought of it makes...
Like, when we used to get slugs in the bathtub, I would make Dan go get rid of them.
I would wake his ass up at three in the morning and then scrub the tub.
I am not kidding.
Thank God we don't live in that house anymore.
So, yeah. Okay. So, yeah. Metal Gear. Metal Gear. Okay.
And also, you can sign up now for the PS4 software update beta.
So, you have to register for it, even if you've been in past betas before.
They're not saying what they're going to test, but the beta starts in early August.
So, like, tomorrow?
So, anyway, you have to be 18 years old, and you submit your PSN ID,
and answer some questions about beta communications, and there you go.
But not everyone will be selected, so just go look at it online.
They really only ask two things. They ask, what's your username?
And do you opt in for beta contact information, yes or no?
Because I signed up for it today.
You can look for the URL on the PlayStation.com and website. There you go.
All right. Let's get back into some other news that's going on this week,
and we do have the mailbag and the FUs coming up as well soon. Loki.
So, there was a no fool question on the weekend this week.
It is on hiatus, but somebody has expressed interest in taking that over,
so I'm hoping I have something to announce soon.
Very cool. Anyways, so, I was going to say, there was some controversy
regarding some of the NVIDIA GTX cards that came out last generation,
because it is last generation now, since we have the 1080, 1070 cards.
But one of those was actually the GTX 970, which was advertised to have
four gigabytes of DDR5 RAM, which it technically did,
but the card only was able to access three and a half gigs of that,
and apparently the last 0.5 gigabytes was lower performance memory.
And because of this class action lawsuit, that means that if you did purchase
one of these cards, you were entitled to $30.
So, they're going to be paying out to every person that purchased one of those cards.
So, that's not bad.
Sorry, did my screen...
Is Darth Vader actually pulling up one of the pictures?
That doesn't look like a snail. That looks like a, just a seashell.
Maybe you shouldn't watch Stranger Things, not the spoiler or anything,
but maybe you should just hold off.
Are there lots of snails in it?
Is it one scene?
No, but it's one scene. Yeah.
Just warn me what episode it's in, and I'll scare you.
The very, very, very end.
Of the very last one?
Well, we've got to be careful about spoilers, so that's all.
Well, maybe I should just watch it with somebody so someone can tell me not to look.
There you go.
See, this just looks like Toad, kind of, with a big sea hat.
Do all of them look like this?
That's it. That's all it is.
They're not even enemies in the game or anything.
I can deal with that.
There you go. Act F does, I guess, I don't know if that's a victory shout in chat or what,
but there you go.
Okay, so we actually had kind of addressed this earlier in the show about the whole
does NX actually play the GameCube and Wii games after all?
I had a copy of Uzumaki and I gave it away without ever watching it.
What?
To Sistabiri in the chat room.
Oh, okay.
Asking if the Uzumaki movie or manga.
I can't watch it.
I actually did have a copy of Uzumaki that I bought.
Just because I was collecting everything I could and the moment I realized what would be in it,
I gave it away.
I gave away a $30 movie.
Well, don't give away your Nintendo NX if you buy one.
So, anyway, I guess the analysis site Digital Foundry took a look at some of what's been
brought up about the NX rumors and talked about could the Tegra chip,
even though we know it's going to be a new super power chip,
could it actually do GameCube and Wii emulation?
And apparently they are finding that maybe it actually could actually run these things,
which honestly is not a surprise at all.
You can run a lot of this stuff on Android devices practically, can't you?
So, I don't know.
Anyway, I kind of think we already kind of got into this a little bit before, so yeah, that's it.
Dark Soccer, what do you have for us next?
Okay, that's not so bad either.
Uh, oh yeah.
So, something that has nothing to do with mollusks.
There is going to be a mini Mega Drive set coming out in Europe,
although there's no statement as to whether or not it's going to come out in the US,
but it's preordered at Fun Stock.
It looks like there's two different versions.
One of them is just a plug-in console, I think.
It actually even looks like it has a loading slot.
And the other one, I'm just going to say this the moment I saw it, I was like,
oh, it's fucking Nomad.
Like, didn't they already try that?
But, it looks like it's just going to be,
has twice the number of games than the Mini NES,
and it will also be the same price as the Mini NES,
and I'm trying to see what the other thing it looks like,
because yeah, it looks like you can actually play your own games on it
from what it looks like, but I don't know.
I think it's just all the built-in stuff, so there you go.
Another thing that will probably get my money if it comes out over here,
although I'll be perfectly honest, we have like three Sega Genesises around,
and a couple of power-based converters and Master Systems,
although what would be funny is that if this one, the black one,
is like a cartridge loader, if it would actually,
I would love to test and see if it works with the power-based converter.
That would be fun, other than that. Neat.
Yeah, kind of funny that it was announced right around the same time,
because I don't think they just did it as a response.
They had to have been working on it already.
You can't really pull something like that out after a week, but yeah.
Well, yeah, they can't, but they've already released this.
It's just being repackaged and re-released,
because if you're on Amazon, actually, you can pick one up already.
I'm not sure if it's the same set of games,
although it looks like the game list is pretty similar.
So it could be akin to an Atari Flashback and an Atari Flashback 2.
It's kind of similar.
Maybe.
Yeah, okay, I got you, I got you. Interesting.
All right, well, let's move on. Loki.
All right, so there's a cool new hack for the Vita in the Vita TV,
and actually, I'm probably going to partake in this,
but basically, it's going to allow you to run emulators and homebrew
and more games on the PlayStation Vita and, I believe, the Vita TV as well.
So this is basically called the Henkaku hack that they're doing,
and it's basically something that you have to have firmware 3.6 or lower,
and it's done through the Vita's web browser.
So you go to a website, and you have to do this every time you do it,
because it doesn't stay on your actual console.
But you go to the website, you access this page, and it loads the hack onto your system.
And then, of course, you load your emulators and all that stuff.
They have ways to do that as well.
Yeah, and it's pretty awesome.
So off you go.
I need to check this out, because that looks pretty cool.
That's interesting that you load it through a website each and every time,
but it's not something you mod or do anything long-term to the firmware.
Right, and they've tried to make it in a way that it's not going to promote piracy,
so they're trying to make it difficult for people to pirate games on it,
but you're going to be able to run emulators and homebrew stuff and all that.
Well, I'll be curious about that, except can you even get a Vita TV anymore?
I never bought one.
You might be able to find one close out somewhere.
I mean, I've got mine for 30 bucks, and I don't really use it.
I kind of forget I have it sometimes, because it's so small,
but I know I haven't updated that firmware forever,
so I'm sure it's probably capable of doing this.
All right, well, let's talk about the next project from Remedy Entertainment.
Remedy Entertainment, of course, made a quantum break on the Xbox One.
Also, Alan Wake, Max Payne.
Quantum Wake?
Perhaps.
Alan Break?
People are curious, you know, oh, what are they going to work on next
now that quantum break is kind of all said and done?
What is the next thing that's going to happen?
I guess the next project, or at least what's announced so far,
a campaign for the next installment of the free-to-play shooter Crossfire.
That's Crossfire 2.
Now, granted, you probably don't know this game,
because there's not a lot of players stateside.
I guess it does exist, but most of the people that play this game
are actually in Asia, where Smilegate, who makes the game, is located.
So Smilegate actually picked Remedy to bring their unique blend of
storytelling, memorable characters, and inventive gameplay
to Crossfire's global audience, and that was in a post on Remedy's blog.
Apparently this has actually been being worked on for some time,
but that's all we know right now, so if you're waiting for a sequel
to Alan Wake or Quantum Break, we don't know anything yet.
I wouldn't think that this is a huge undertaking that's going to take away
from anything else for very long.
I can't be the only one that's not disappointed that this isn't based off
of the 90s board game that was shooting ball bearings at each other.
That game is older than the 90s, it's just that they did the remake.
I think that game goes back to the 70s, but still.
It didn't have the awesome commercial until the 80s or 90s.
It caught in the Crossfire.
That was amazing.
Yeah, no, this is not that same game.
This is a different game that Remedy will be making that one little add-on for.
We'll see what happens with that.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com if you want to participate
with our mailbag segment.
DarkSakura dives into the mailbag head first and finds some emails
that she thinks, hey, this would be a worthy thing to read on the show.
DarkSakura, what's in the mailbag this week?
Two from the same person.
So, shall I begin?
Yes, you shall.
I am not playing Pokemon Go only because my iPod Touch 5G does not appear to support it.
Every time I've tried to set up an account, the app crashes when I try to uncheck email notifications.
And then it's no longer able to log in and able to find user info.
Not sure if this is the device because the server was down the first time I tried to create an account.
If I owned a proper smartphone, I'd be all over it like white on.
What first gen Pokemon is predominantly white, not counting Mewtwo?
Mewtwo's purple, lavender, whatever.
Well, actually is Mewtwo kind of gray lavender? Not really white.
Mewtwo I think is purple and Mew might be grayish.
Mew's lavender.
Mew's like pink. Right?
Pinkender.
Yeah, I don't know.
I do wonder, incidentally, whether people will get confused about the nature of Deus Ex Go.
I assume it's a term based puzzle like the Hitman or Lara Croft Go games.
Not anything AR focused.
Here's hoping nobody's foolish enough to make the word Go the next edge or saga.
Including Vivendi occupied Ubisoft.
No disease jokes please, but are there regional Pokemon planned for South America?
South America and Africa? Is the game even coming out in those continents?
I think we kind of referenced that earlier in the show when I talked about the Brazil people are very angry and that probably is what originated the hack.
I think it's just a matter of they've got to get some more things stabilized with the game first.
How about they fix their economy and take care of their people before they worry about the game?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't know if Niantic can do all that, but as far as Pokemon Go goes, I think they need to fix some of these other issues that are a little more pressing right now.
And it should run on that device. My wife has an iPhone 5 and it runs on that.
There were some difficulties logging in recently with the last update. It required some finagling.
Best bet would be to uninstall the game.
If you're logging in with your Google account, which you really should be because to be honest, the Pokemon Club logins have been down more than the Google logins.
So if you were logging in with Google, which I hope you are, you go to your login to Google on a PC or Mac and basically remove the app permissions from it.
And then go back in there and reinstall the game and re-login and all that stuff.
And hopefully it'll work that time and not give you the error that we had the other day, which was enable cookies. So make sure you enable cookies as well.
And I would think this seems obvious, but just to make sure, make sure you have the most recent iOS on there as well.
And also the most recent version of the app too, because sometimes it doesn't update automatically.
Yeah, I finally was unable to use my beta app anymore. It finally stopped working for me.
I had to go back into the store and download the real game because the beta stopped working with this latest update.
Oh well.
Also, I would just like to point out that if people want to know what I was talking about Brazil, just look up the past two years of protests and you'll know what I'm talking about.
Or the whole World Cup drama there was at too.
So moving back to the email.
Finally, purely out of academic curiosity, since I do not yet have a Windows PC or partition on my 2009 MacBook, any idea if the popular Toho games, primarily the shooters, are available at all for legal purchase and download?
All I've seen are DVD ROMs on Amazon. This comes from Robert M.
I see the screen name Rob Roberts is shared by toy customizer Cheetamus Prime, who has been fairly inactive recently for health reasons.
I was, I know there's a fisherman, there's a DJ in Australia, and there's a gun owner that also uses the name.
And so, yeah, I guess, you know, it's, it's, I guess, not an entirely too difficult name to have.
So no relation to the famous Julia, for what it's worth.
But there you go.
I tried to get verified by Twitter this week, by the way, they shot me down.
Unfortunate.
Also, this is the follow up email from the same person.
Yes.
As a quick follow up after the update, I'm no longer hanging on the unable to find a user that the app still crashes on the terms and services page.
Most likely an incompatibility with the fifth gen touch.
Check the website, check the compatibility list.
Yeah, I should say what it'll run on.
Yeah, check compatibility list and make sure you're on the most recent operating system version and the usual.
Make sure you turn it off and then on again.
And if all else fails, force loaded on there anyways after you root it, which is what I did on my son's phone.
It's all I'm sorry, you're not compatible device.
Well, fuck you, because it runs anyways, bitch.
So take that compatible device.
Not that we necessarily endorse all these actions.
Good luck.
Although, you know, again, just try to- Pokemon Go is a game that's supposed to last for a very, very long time.
And people want to beat it in three weeks.
You know, try again in a few weeks.
I bet this landscape will be a lot different than it is now.
It's a very fast moving thing.
It's hard to go into the unknown of being the biggest cell phone game of all time.
Anyway, is that it for the mailbag?
That is.
Participate at orangehonestradio.com.
I want to make sure the other thing didn't fall off the radar about the shooter games on the Mac.
I have not heard of any of that release.
Hold on, because I knew that I think some were on Steam, so give me a moment.
Because, I mean, I play a lot of my- I have both Macs and PCs.
And a lot of the games that I have on Steam for my PC, I can also play on my Mac.
Like, I've been playing Danganronpa 2 on my Mac, so I'll double check a few things for Steam right now.
So if people want to go ahead and continue story-ing, I can research.
Well, sadly, what I have next is not a story, and it will require your attention, DarkSakura.
But you can get this out of your system real fast.
Oh my god, there's an IKEA game.
What?
There's a game that looks like an IKEA ad called Home Improvisation.
I'm gonna buy this right now.
Well, hold on, before you click the buy button, we gotta get a little bit of angst out of you.
It's time for the FUs of the Week.
And DarkSakura, you must start us off.
Um, fuck you to my wrist, really.
I am intensely tired of the constant pain and working on it for an entire week.
It's just, yesterday I did nothing but take Norco and ice it and play The Sims.
Literally, that's all I did.
You know.
Well, and I drank a whole bunch of orange soda.
But other than that, I'm tired of it.
I had the surgery done to get rid of the lump.
I understood there might be some scar tissue.
I did not expect, I thought that, I expected to have some hardness under the skin.
I expected there to be scar tissue.
I did not expect for the full lump that I had removed to regrow.
And I wasn't given any warning about it, so.
If I had had some sort of expectation that, yeah, it could happen and that we're gonna keep looking at it,
then I would be okay, but I'm right-handed.
I can't draw.
I can't play games that much.
And it's basically put so much of what I do on hold, so.
Okay, I'm done.
All right, Loki.
Um, I was angrier earlier, but then, you know, I had my, uh, surgery, so, you know, that makes everything better.
Um, so, I guess just F you to, ironically enough, bad drivers for people playing Pokemon Go.
Which is ironic because I play Pokemon Go while I drive, despite the stupid warnings of the game.
The game doesn't know better.
I mean, seriously.
Um, but there's a lot of people that are new.
See, they haven't been playing Ingress for a year like I have been driving, so they're not as, you know,
they don't know the ins and outs of it.
And it's just like, it's very obvious.
Maybe you're not driving and playing Pokemon Go, but you're at least texting.
Just don't be obvious about it.
Like, when I play, eyes are straight ahead, but I can, like, glance down, you know.
I can catch Pokemon without looking at it.
I mean, that's how long I've played this game.
So, I don't know.
Just watch where you're going, people.
Seriously.
Um, I don't really have enough view of the week.
Uh, I guess F you to those Cinnabon things for being so freaking addicting.
In Dark Soccer, they're making me fat by bringing me here.
I asked first.
She did. She did.
But I can still say F you a little bit.
Um, and, uh, I don't know.
F you to all the paperwork I've had to do with my car.
It's like, God, we had to go get the insurance updated.
Then we had to go get repairs done on the old cars.
There's been a lot of this stuff.
But I'm glad it's all done, and I really enjoy my new car.
It's so fun to drive.
So, um, that part.
And I have not had to put gas in it yet.
That's the great thing.
I've, uh, I'm down below half a tank, but, um, I bought the car a week ago Saturday, and I still have not had to put gas in it yet.
That's the best part of all.
Cool. Love it.
I will say, by the way, is that I just looked up Toho, and while there's not any, I think, official games, um, they're still all, uh, PC shooters.
So, whatevs.
Alright.
But I want this home improvement sandbox thing.
Well.
You can put, you can put mannequins as wheels on a skateboard.
Could you imagine?
That's pretty rad.
Well, uh, just a couple more stories for you guys, then we're gonna open up the Skypline.
While we're flying through, uh, the second half of the show this week, we might end up finishing a little early, which actually might work out,
because Dark Soccer, I know, had to take off, um, about 8.30, you said, right?
So, uh, we'll...
About then. I have to be at work at seven in the morning.
Buh.
Yeah, we'll be saying bye-bye to her in a little bit, but we might be saying bye-bye to everybody.
We'll see, uh, how the Skypline looks in a little bit.
We just have a couple more stories, though, first. Loki.
So, the Oregon Trail is coming back.
No, not in the form of a game based on the new Crystal Pepsi, which, by the way, has anyone seen that in the actual stores yet?
Because I know it's out.
No, I haven't.
I have not seen it at the stores.
I, I still can't find, you know, you know, apparently it's that time of year for crazy flavored potato chips.
You know how they do the contest every year?
Well, I guess instead of a contest this year, they're doing flavors from other countries.
And so they have, like, Szechuan chicken, uh, chips as a flavor.
Uh, chicken tikka masala, uh, is one-
That sounds good.
I know, doesn't that sound really good, actually? Because I just love Indian food.
Um, and some Brazilian steak is one of the other flavors, so-
Do you have to slice the chips off of, like, a bigger chip?
If you want.
What, like, it's a, like, a sword or something?
The, uh, Greek yogurt sauce.
Tzatziki.
That's it. That's the other one that's the other potato chip.
This is cutest.
But I, I'm having a hard time finding those.
Apparently they're around.
Have you ever did the tzatziki one before, or, like, some kind of Greek chicken?
They didn't do it here. It was gyro. You think of the gyros.
No, the gyro flavor.
I just want french-fried flavored chips.
Why, why can't we get ketchup chips here in the States?
Oh, god, no, no.
Ketchup is disgusting.
God, no, no.
Rob-
Where are my Canadians at?
What?
You to mayonnaise is me to ketchup.
Really?
But do you eat tomatoes?
I like tomatoes. I hate tomato soup.
You know what, though? I'm okay with that because I like eggs, and I like oil, and I like vinegar, but I hate mayonnaise.
See, I love mayonnaise, but the thing is I only love either homemade mayonnaise or Hellmann's slash best foods.
Why can't they make, like, potato chips but crusty with all the stuff that they put the seasoned fries on?
Well, don't they, don't they make those, like, fries in a can that are, like, you know what I'm talking about?
Like, they sell, like, french fry type things.
You can get a loaf of bread in a can.
Is it like the French, was it the French, uh, French's onions or whatever?
No, we don't want Chick-fil-A flavor because it tastes like hatred.
I thought thing, I thought Chick-fil-A was, was okay to eat at now. I thought things, because the guy died.
Yeah, but there's-
So they, they, they specifically said they were getting out of that business.
I noticed that something tasted different. Like, the hatred went away, and the chicken started tasting not as great anymore.
But now, now, uh, there's drama. There's always drama.
There's always drama.
But I do want curry chips to be a thing over here. I agree with, um, I keep misreading your name because I'm blind.
Siata berry?
I think it's Siata berry.
Siata berry.
Curry chips are great. Um, but-
And I want to give a shout-out to Alex P. Carson for being in my corner, saying I've been waiting for years for ketchup chips in the US. Thank you, sir.
Just go to Canada. And while you're there, bring me back some Tim Hortons.
Alright, yeah. Alex, we're going to Canada.
You know, actually, I decided what else would be good. HP sauce-flavored chips.
That'd be alright.
Have you had HP sauce?
I don't think so.
It's basically, it's like-
It's a brown sauce.
You can buy it at the store, because it's really good on fish.
It's amazing.
It's seriously, like-
Akuma J.P. and Chad says, I just came back from a meeting, and OLR is not OLR anymore.
We're always talking about food.
You must be new to Orange Launch Radio. Welcome to the show.
Anyways, I don't even know how we got on this tangent here.
Wait, wait, one more. Okay, this is important. This is the flavor I'm going to submit next time Lays does one of those contests. Ready?
Mm-mm.
Mozzarella sticks.
That's-
That could be good.
Swear to God, if one of you sons of bitches rips off my idea and wins a million dollars off it, I will find you, and I will batter you, and I will deep fry you like you're a mozzarella stick.
Rob, will it have the marinara flavoring?
I think it has to, for it to work.
For it to work. Is that going to be too tomatoey for you?
No, that's fine. I love marinara sauce. I hate tomato soup, and I hate ketchup. Actually, I will take this back. There's one thing. There's ketchup as an ingredient in something like in baked beans, or meatloaf is fine.
Ketchup, I have hated it since I was a child, and I'm still convinced that the two-maggot ratio is law, that there's always maggots in it.
The two maggots per ounce allowance.
Oh my God. This is what happens also when we're running through the gaming news so fast that we're almost to the end of part B, and it's only been 30 minutes, so, uh,
Okay, so anyways, let's talk about the Oregon Trail. So the Oregon Trail-
Oh, right! Let's-
Oregon Trail is going to become a card game.
Let's talk about those new and awesome groundbreaking video games.
This is a video game.
Yeah, it's going to be a card game, or a card and dice game, that's going to be coming exclusively to Target stores in the future.
Did you just call it Target?
I did.
Okay.
Because I'm being ironic, so.
That's Target for all you-
Oh, okay, thank you. Thank you.
All you, you know, non-one percenters out there.
So basically it's going to be a two to six person game. It's got supply cards and also, um, you know, some other stuff.
And I guess you take turns and draw cards and stuff happens. And someone gets dysentery.
Stuff happens. Do you actually- okay.
One of the best things about the Oregon Trail on the Apple IIe's back in the day was that as you would play the game, you would come across the tombstones of people who have previously played the game.
So, you know, you would be going down the road and then all of a sudden you have come across a tombstone. Would you like to see it? And you'd hit yes.
It would be like, here lies balls or whatever the person named their family, you know, died of dysentery on whatever day.
Here lies hairy balls.
Exactly, right? That's, that's what happens. It comes up because these were always in the school.
Oh my God, that's the next person I'm going to make for my Sims family is hairy balls.
Anyway, hello maturity. Um, so anyway, my question is, would you actually get to make cards that are tombstones when you die and you put them in the decks that they come up in later games?
Um, probably not, but that would be cool.
That would be cool.
Did any of you ever play the Oregon Trail?
Oh, whoa, hold on, hold on. It does come with it. It says right here, the game even comes with gravestones, so players can write down their names and how they died on their final resting place.
They thought of everything.
That just seemed like the most obvious idea. Cause you know I design card games now after last week's calls.
I design card games now, just in case you missed that. No, I'm kidding.
Alright, anyway, Oregon Trail.
Oregon Trail.
The Oregon Trail.
Yeah, the zombie one.
Maybe you're in a station wagon.
I think that is one of my Steam games that's in my library that I've never touched, which is, which is unfortunate.
It's pretty funny.
Yeah.
Alright.
Stoppy in chat says the Hunt family lost many members of their family named Mike.
Yeah, that that did in the second grade that would always happen was you're playing the Oregon Trail.
I dated a Benjamin Dover.
Like for real?
Like for real.
Okay.
How was that?
It was short lived.
Alright.
Let's see going to chat.
S2100 Matt says I still have a Pokemon snap game save with the name is boobies.
My brother and I did that so that Professor Oak would say welcome back boobies at the start of every game.
Okay.
Beep beep. Here goes the tangent train leaving the station.
I know you people have done this shit in video games is that you've given your characters absolutely disgusting, horrific, sophomoric names.
Okay.
Just so you can giggle like that.
Well, yeah, we called the Horse and Derby Owners Club, Politary.
Yeah, I don't know about like giving people names.
I'm sure I probably did.
But the only thing I remember recently was Animal Crossing teaching them phrases.
Oh, God, that was that was the best part of Animal Crossing was teaching them to say vile things.
And then they would move to your neighborhood, but then one of your friends neighborhoods.
So it's like, what is this disgusting thing?
I'm still pissed at whoever took my lesbian.
I found Dina again and happy home designer and made her a gem that would make any stereotypical lesbian very happy.
Stereotypical.
Alex P. Carson says I have a Nintendog named Shit.
Well, that's come here you little shit.
But here's the thing. Is shit a shih tzu?
Because that would be that's like the Robert Roberts of dogs.
Shih tzu.
Were you going by the South Park naming convention Shitty Shih Tzu?
Shitty the Shih Tzu?
Yeah, it's actually these all sound like John Waters characters.
I always envisioned my name as being inspired by a John Waters movie, even though it actually wasn't.
You know, that's that's what it sounds like to me.
Let's see. Act F says it sucks that the latest Pokemon games don't let you put curse words for names.
Have you seen the things people are calling the Pokemon that they put on gyms?
You can get away with a lot in Pokemon Go apparently.
I've only named one Pokemon a different name.
Well, I mean, I named my Eevees whatever so I could evolve them.
But I have one Rattata named Rat X because when Dan and I first played Pokemon Blue.
He was playing right. I was playing blue.
We each named our first Rattata Rat X.
And so that's the only one we have ever renamed.
However, you can cause up a storm in Miitomo.
Yes, you can.
My I've met Miis that have said some bizarre dirty shit.
Also, I learned something today that you're me and Miitomo cannot say we you properly.
Really?
It's way you.
That is kind of funny that they didn't teach the Miis to say that.
That's great.
What else is going to say without the oh, the silly names and the immature names.
Here's the thing.
Classic arcade games, in my opinion, this is mandatory for me.
Like I just I have to do it.
I can't not do this if I'm at a convention or something, you know, where a lot of people are going to be.
And, you know, so forth.
If I get a high score in a game that I'm decent at, like Dig Dug or something like I can get pretty far in one quarter on Dig Dug.
And if I make the leaderboard or whatever, I'll put my initials in as VOG or OLR or something, you know, that means a lot to me.
But if I'm just some random arcade that probably turns off the power at night and erases the high score table anyway, or just, you know, someplace that isn't that notable.
I always, always put my initials in as A-S-S.
You have to put your initials in this ass.
You just, how can you not?
Dark Sakura, have you ever put your initials in his ass?
No, actually it's always been S-A-K.
For Sakura?
Yeah.
Really?
Or Saku.
Do you ever put your initials in his ass?
Loki, do you ever do that?
No.
It's just me?
Well, Dan used to do his because of Daytona as DMX for Dan Man X until, you know, the artist DMX was around because of how it would say it.
D-M-X!
Like that.
So Dan always did that.
Somebody's a dance maniacs fan.
Now it's just Dan.
Well, if you-
I'm trying to take a picture, trying to find a picture of Rat X for you guys.
On those games where you have four spots for initials, because that happens sometimes, I always put my initial in as A-S-S exclamation point.
So it's kind of a similar thing.
You're a happy ass.
Ass!
Alright, Stoppy in Chat says, I go with Ho, H-O-E. That's a good one.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Shit, S-H-T.
And SSU100Matt says, Billy Mitchell puts his name down as USA, I think.
Maybe I should just put my-
That's such a Billy Mitchell thing to do.
I should just put mine down as CNT.
Can't?
Girl.
Count?
Alright, and let's get to something a little more serious here.
My gosh, we can't keep talking.
We can't keep bringing the show down with our gutter chat.
I got the last story here tonight, and it's another story about-
Why does Weepin' Bill look like a condom?
How appropriate.
What did I just fucking say?
Anyhow, so this is another story about Pokemon.
Apparently, there is a new Etsy shop called Geeky Sex Toys.
Actually, I don't know if it's a new shop, but they have a new line called Pokemon.
And Pokemon is over 100 different handmade dildos and butt plugs that are modeled after Pokemon.
Such as Bulby, Charmy, and Squirty.
And there's-
At least it really squirts.
There's also, you know, because to be fair, maybe you need something a little bit of a
different caliber, you can also get shaped as a Pikachu tail, a butt plug, if you are
so inclined.
That actually sounds cute.
Does it?
Because I don't know-
I don't know if cute is the word I would use.
I'm not into that, but I know people who would find it completely adorable.
Like the part that sticks not in your butt, but the other part is the tail, right?
And this article goes on to say, the Bulby has a large seat tip, making it a very pleasurable
friend to have.
And apparently, it looks like it's a little Bulbasaur sack, but it looks like balls,
basically, on the end of this.
So, there you go.
Enjoy, everybody, the Pokemoan dildos.
Goodnight.
You've been listening to Orange-
Okay, I'm kidding.
But everybody in chat is like, drop the mic and end the show.
So, there it is.
Let's see.
Prince Peach Fuzz in chat says, Licky Tongue.
Is there a Licky Tongue?
You would think that would be the most obvious thing to put.
Gosh, if only I had a link to the Pokemoan.
Oh, hey, how about that?
Let me go look at the-
Oh, my God.
Pokemoan site right now.
I was right about the butt plug.
What?
What about it?
You see the Pikachu tail?
I just want to trim that little part.
Starring Dark Sakura.
I was right about the butt plug.
All right, whatevs.
Let's see.
There's also a Charmy, which has the flaming tail.
Wow, these are really something.
There's a disclaimer here, by the way.
All toys are sold as a novelty only, and the buyer accepts all responsibility for what the product is used for.
There you go.
Alex P. Carson says he's going to make that sound clip, his new Windows startup sound.
You should make it the sound every time you get a text message.
There you go.
I will not be using it.
A nice, mature note to end things on here tonight here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, let's open up the phones.
Hey, why don't you guys dirty up the show even more?
Our Skype line is open.
OMG, I am on the wrong account, so I'm going to switch to our right Skype account, which is Orange Lounge Radio.
I took a picture of Rat X. It's just on my Twitter, so I'm trying to find it because it doesn't want to load.
I was logged into my personal Skype account because I was guesting on a podcast yesterday, and as soon as that's posted, I will have to share it with you all.
Well, this is great live radio, and I'm on the wrong damn Skype account.
Okay, now I'm on the right Skype account, so you can give us a call.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you'd like to give us a call, and we will be taking your calls later in the show.
Right now. Call up.
Loki, do you have any last? Oh, never mind. The phone's ringing, so I can get to some calls right now.
If Skype will work, it's being very slow.
There we go. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Ranma.
Hi, Ranma. How are you?
I was doing good.
You just killed it for me in the last 20 minutes.
I want you to know, we talked about the Pokemon dildos on our show, but god damn it, Ranma, you just killed it. You just took it to the next level.
Hey, I know how to use dildos. What can I say?
I love that too, by the way. Yeah, my night was doing pretty good, and then I started listening to OLR.
I just want you to know, I will not say anything in regards to you and dildos, because I am pleading the Fifth Amendment. I refuse to incriminate myself.
Fair enough, fair enough. Hey, though, speaking of incriminating, I will ask this question. I'm going to ask all our callers this tonight.
How do you enter your initials on the high scoreboard on a classic 80s arcade machine? What do you put your initials in as?
I actually use my real name initials, AHW.
Do you really?
After a while, when I figured out what my screen name would be, if it's big enough, I would put DJRS, or you know, or during my phase of writing fan fiction, I would take one of my characters and use their initials or whatever.
Okay, alright, I like that. So what's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Oh, a lot of stuff, but first things first, I'm going to send you a care package of ketchup flavored potato chips.
Bless you, bless you, bless you. I'm so happy to hear that. I didn't know, do they, maybe they, maybe I could find them around here if I looked harder. I don't think I've ever seen them at Trader Joe's or anything like that, though.
But it seems like the type of thing I ought to be able to find at like, maybe Whole Foods.
No, you probably, you better try like a grocery store or a drugstore. There's a local-
Oh, they don't have them here.
There's a local company called HERS that makes them, so I see them at ShopRite all the time, so I can buy you, put them in a box and send them over.
Cost plus.
Except the last few times I've been to cost plus, I haven't seen anything like that, but they've got stuff from all over, so.
Well, you know, if Rama wants to send me a care package, who am I to complain?
Exactly, because I'll be sending Jamie a care package, too.
There you go.
Is it going to have Tim Hortons in it?
Yes, there is one Timmy Ho's left in New York City.
Okay, just to let you know, I like things that are chocolate.
Hey, I don't have the problem anymore of a lack of Dunkin' Donuts. We actually have a couple here in SAC now. My how times have changed.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Crazy.
As for your Lay's chips, I've been finding them at local drugs or Walgreens, but I have to tell you, the Szechuan chicken is so good.
Alright, I gotta try that.
It's probably too spicy for me.
It's not even that spicy, though, but.
Oh my god, pickled chips are the grossest thing. Oh god, I feel sick. I'm going to go buy.
Are you leaving the show now?
Well, I kind of have to in a few minutes, so I may as well log out.
Alright, well, final thought for our listeners real quick on your way out.
Um, I really, I'm so full right now between all that Chinese food and the Cinnabon Delights. Just roll me out.
Just roll you home?
Just roll me home.
There you go. Alright.
Ran-chan?
Yes?
Hearts.
Uh, anything else on your mind, Rama?
Some stuff. I just want to say, right now, Mako-chan just woke up and went, mmm, dill pickled chips.
I don't know why. She just loves them. But anywho.
I love the deep-fried ones that they have at, like, restaurants sometimes. Like, bar restaurants will have, like, deep-fried pickles. So good. So good.
They are good, but you know what, Rob? Right now, put a thing of coffee on. We got to talk.
Okay.
Alright?
We got to talk. What's up?
Pokemon Go. I mean, I've already said it on my personal Facebook. I'm tired of everybody bitching about something that they got for free.
I am tired of everybody bitching at the developers, the programmers. This is my field. I get it. I understand everybody's issues.
I understand everyone's complaints. They're doing the best that they can. They are fans of the series as well.
And I can tell you this. There are a lot of people in the whole IT tech programming field who suck talking to other people.
They'll keep everything within themselves. When it's done, they'll be like, here it is. You just won't even know half the time.
They'll be like, here. It's there. You know?
I think most people just need to take a step back and calm their tits and not react so emotionally because a lot of people, and I'm saying everybody,
there are some valid complaints about what's going on with Niantic. The fact that they don't have any type of real good PR system really sucks.
And I think they could use that right now really badly. And I'll definitely agree with that.
But I think at the same time, take a step back and ask yourself, does Niantic really exist to create the biggest cell phone game of all time and then piss everybody off?
Like because Niantic hates, like that's what some people are saying. Niantic hates the player base.
Take a step back and think about what you're really saying for a minute.
Like, is there money to be made in hating your player base? I'm not so sure about that.
And I think a lot of these issues, if you'll just calm your tits, give it a few days, it's going to work out.
It's going to be fine. And you'll have years and years to catch them all.
I'm sorry. Now I'm thinking of like, you remember those sprinklers that had the little hoses that went all over the place, the silly sprinklers?
I'm imagining tits like that now. Well, that's everybody right now.
Basically, like I'm in this Facebook community for Pokemon Go and like anytime I see a post in that community, that's what it looks like.
Hellrauma's post kind of looked like that a little bit, not your post specifically, but the comments kind of looked like that a little bit.
I got into it. Well, you know, when I say I got into it, like I, you know, I don't take it that seriously.
I haven't been on Facebook in three days. Good for you.
So I really need to do the same thing.
Because I'm tired. Tired, tired, tired.
Hey, at least it wasn't politics. I'd rather argue-
That's what chased me off.
I would rather argue about stupid Pokemon than fucking politics. That's it.
Well, I'm going to say goodbye to everybody now.
Bye.
Anything else, Rama?
I just want to get that off my chest because you feel me on this. I mean, praise Breslau for what he said. Praise that man. Okay?
Yeah, I don't give that man kudos very often, but he deserved it for that one.
Yes, yes. Before I get out of here, I was going to show y'all a picture of my awesome Pokemon Go t-shirt, but I'll do that later.
But since you were talking about odd names and stuff like that, I'm going to post a link in the chat room called 14 Perfect Names People Gave Their Pokemon.
I'd recommend not drinking anything while you look at this list.
Is this stuff like the Love is Love on the Westboro Baptist Church and all that stuff? Things like that?
No, but it's more funny, tongue-in-cheek, borderline perverted. Stuff that, you know, like, you know what? I would have done the same thing.
I don't like perverted jokes, Rama. That's trashy.
You suck at trolling, Mr. Rob Roberts.
Yeah, right. Whatever.
Alright. Well, I look forward to your care package, and I'll be sure to send you a care package in return. And who knows, maybe if the label says Pokemon on it, don't be surprised.
If that happens, I will be giving them away as prizes on my show.
Hooray!
I do know for a fact there are people out there that I know that will buy them, and they have, and they're like, you realize what you're buying? Yes. Are you going? Alright. You go do you. I'll be over here.
Do you think that Bobby would let me bring back the VOG Network giveaways?
For a squirty?
If we're able to, if you're going to do this, I, Anime Jam Session will back this.
Just, we'll do a VOG Network giveaway, and we'll give away a squirty and a bag of ketchup potato chips, and just call it Friday Night Home Alone.
Where's the lie, though?
Alright, Rama, I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls.
Alright, you stay fabulous, man.
Take care, my friend.
You too. Bye.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Act Afton Chat says, Black Wolf's ears must be burning hot right now. Probably smoke coming out of them.
Actually, if he's driving, I don't know what his schedule was, but if he's driving home, he probably is listening in his car, because, you know, those Tesla spaceships, he can beam whatever internet thing he wants.
He probably actually is listening on TuneIn right now, so hopefully he didn't crash the car.
That's alright. That's what the autopilot's for, is to help not crash the car in those situations.
Don't get started on that video. I think Bobby had to finally turn off the emails from that video, because it's been every-
Hey, I gotta get props. We finally got one to go viral.
Actually, I think that's the second one that went viral, because his Rainbow Road one was kind of viral, but this one's going, like, twice as much.
Rainbow Road.
Yeah, the Easter egg in the Teslas, where you can turn the GPS thing into Rainbow Road.
Well, go check out the video at VOG Network on YouTube, Loki, and you won't give me that puzzled face anymore.
Alright, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype. Meanwhile, while we wait for a call, Loki, do you have any last-minute stories you want to share with us?
Yeah, there's some good news regarding EVO and their coverage on ESPN. Apparently, they had some two million unique viewers, about averaging that 20 minutes each, so that's pretty good.
So, hopefully, that means more of the same type of thing going forward for future events. More coverage.
Awesome. One more call for calls. Put the call out there for calls. OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word on Skype. If you want to give us a call, we'd love to hear from you guys about anything.
It doesn't have to be perverted. Just because Rama calls in about pervert- I'm just kidding. It doesn't mean you have to. Anything else, Loki?
Nope.
Not a lot else going on?
Not a lot else going on.
Alright, what are you going to play this week while you're waiting for No Man's Sky to be released?
Probably just Pokemon Go. I've been trying to actually sit down and program, but like even last night, like after- I had to go in a different room because my wife's still watching, grazing out of me. It's very distracting.
And then that's when I realized that the update to Pokemon Go happened, so I had to help her get it installed, and of course there was a whole login issue, and after all that, and then finally I got to sit down and watch stuff, and it was uncomfortable seeing it at the kitchen table for that long.
So I went back into the living room, started watching videos, and like just literally passing out from being tired. So I'm trying to work. I have Unity up. I'm meaning to do it.
I launch the program, and then I just stare at the screen.
Seriously? That is exactly- well, it's because I've been kind of going back and forth on how I want to do the engine, because I want to redo everything again on the game I'm working on, and the one way I was going to do it, it's like it was way too complicated, and I don't even- like I kind of thought about it, I'm like, do I really need to be that complicated? No, not really, because it's ridiculous.
So I'm going back to what I was originally planning on doing, and so now I'm trying to find a better way to implement that, maybe something that's a little bit more complete, or something that someone's already started a framework on that I can try. Basically just trying to see how to optimize a voxel engine is basically it.
Alright. Well, since there's no more calls coming in, I guess we're going to close up shop for the night, and thank you guys. If you've thought of something after the fact, you want to email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to do it.
And, you know, as I say at the end of every episode, thank you guys for listening to the show, and if you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please help us spread the word. Tell a friend or five about the show, because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we can only spread those voices if you use them.
So please, use your voice, and be on the show. A nice five star review at a place like iTunes or Google Play or wherever you found this show goes an awful long way as well.
But that is going to do it for another episode until we are back in seven days to do it all over again. Get really hyped about No Man's Sky, which will be out in just a couple of days at that point, and whatever else happens in gaming in the next week.
Maybe Pokemon Go changes something else this week, and that'll get everybody all in a tizzy, or there'll be something else. Who knows?
But meanwhile, final thoughts. Loki, your final thought tonight?
Well, even though he's not on the show yet, hopefully soon, but happy birthday to my son Josh. He'll be turning six tomorrow.
Oh, happy birthday! Six years old! My gosh. Time flies.
Exactly. He's playing Pokemon Go and everything.
That is awesome. Well, happy birthday.
That will be my final thought too, because you know what? I didn't really have anything else in mind.
So happy birthday to Joshua and anybody that might be celebrating a birthday in the coming days.
That is going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for listening. Really appreciate it.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all over again. Can't believe it's already going to be August. Where does the time go?
See you guys. Have a good one.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
you